20. Human rights, social and environmental standards in International Trade
agreements - International Trade Policy in the context of Climate Change
imperatives - Corporate social responsibility in international trade
agreements (debate)

Report on human rights and social and environmental standards in
international trade agreements [2009/2219(INI)] - Committee on
International Trade. Rapporteur: Tokia Safi (A7-0312/2010)

Report on international trade policy in the context of climate change
imperatives [2010/2103(INI)] - Committee on International Trade.
Rapporteur: Yannick Jadot (A7-0310/2010)

Report on corporate social responsibility in international trade agreements
[2009/2201(INI)] - Committee on International Trade. Rapporteur: Harlem
Dsir (A7-0317/2010)

Tokia Safi, Yannick Jadot and Harlem Dsir introduced the reports.

The following spoke: William (The Earl of) Dartmouth on the conduct of the
debate.

The following spoke: Karel De Gucht (Member of the Commission).

The following spoke: David Martin (rapporteur for the opinion of the AFET
Committee) (A7-0312/2010), Filip Kaczmarek (rapporteur for the opinion of
the DEVE Committee) (A7-0312/2010), Catherine Grze (rapporteur for the
opinion of the DEVE Committee) (A7-0310/2010), Pervenche Bers (rapporteur
for the opinion of the EMPL Committee) (A7-0317/2010), Richard Howitt
(rapporteur for the opinion of the EMPL Committee) (A7-0312/2010), Daniel
Caspary, on behalf of the PPE Group, Kriton Arsenis, on behalf of the S&D
Group, Metin Kazak, on behalf of the ALDE Group, Keith Taylor, on behalf of
the Verts/ALE Group, Peter van Dalen, on behalf of the ECR Group, Helmut
Scholz, on behalf of the GUE/NGL Group, William (The Earl of) Dartmouth, on
behalf of the EFD Group, Laurence J.A.J. Stassen, Non-attached Member,
Ma?gorzata Handzlik, George Sabin Cuta?, Catherine Bearder, Jacky Hnin and
Elisabeth Kstinger.

The following spoke under the 'catch-the-eye' procedure: Zuzana Roithov,
Miroslav Mikol?ik, Carl Schlyter, Csand Szegedi and Sen Kelly.

The following spoke: Karel De Gucht, Tokia Safi, Yannick Jadot and Harlem
Dsir.

The debate closed.

Vote: minutes of 25.11.2010, item 8.2, minutes of 25.11.2010, item 8.13 and
minutes of 25.11.2010, item 8.14.

