8. Voting time

Details of voting (amendments, separate and split votes, etc.) appear in
the Results of Votes annex to the minutes.

The results of roll-call votes are available in electronic form only, as an
annex to the minutes, and can be accessed via Europarl.

1 8.1. Draft amending budget No 8/2010: Section III - Commission - European
Solidarity Fund: floods in Ireland - completion of ESF - Objective 1 (2000
to 2006) (Rule 138) (vote)

Report on Council's position on Draft amending budget No 8/2010 of the
European Union for the financial year 2010, Section III - Commission
[16722/2010 - C7-0388/2010 - 2010/2217(BUD)] - Committee on Budgets.
Rapporteur: Lszl Surjn (A7-0327/2010)

(Simple majority)
(Voting record: 'Results of votes', Item 1)

MOTION FOR A RESOLUTION

Adopted by single vote (P7_TA(2010)0427)


2 8.2. Protocol to the Partnership and Cooperation Agreement between the EC
and Moldova *** (Rule 138) (vote)

Recommendation on the draft Council decision on the conclusion of a
Protocol to the Partnership and Cooperation Agreement establishing a
partnership between the European Communities and their Member States, of
the one part, and the Republic of Moldova, of the other part, on a
Framework Agreement between the European Union and the Republic of Moldova
on the general principles for the participation of the Republic of Moldova
in Union programmes [10496/2010 - C7-0330/2010- 2010/0102(NLE)] - Committee
on Foreign Affairs. Rapporteur: Graham Watson (A7-0300/2010)

(Simple majority)
(Voting record: 'Results of votes', Item 2)

DRAFT LEGISLATIVE RESOLUTION

Adopted by single vote (P7_TA(2010)0428)

Parliament approved the conclusion of the Protocol.


3 8.3. Information on medicinal products (Community code relating to
medicinal products) ***I (vote)

Report on the proposal for a directive of the European Parliament and of
the Council amending, as regards information to the general public on
medicinal products subject to medical prescription, Directive 2001/83/EC on
the Community code relating to medicinal products for human use
[COM(2008)0663 - C6-0516/2008- 2008/0256(COD)] - Committee on the
Environment, Public Health and Food Safety. Rapporteur: Christofer Fjellner
(A7-0290/2010)

(Simple majority)
(Voting record: 'Results of votes', Item 3)

COMMISSION PROPOSAL

Approved as amended (P7_TA(2010)0429)

DRAFT LEGISLATIVE RESOLUTION

Adopted (P7_TA(2010)0429)


4 8.4. Information on medicinal products (Community procedures for the
authorisation and supervision of medicinal products) ***I (vote)

Report on the proposal for a regulation of the European Parliament and of
the Council amending, as regards information to the general public on
medicinal products for human use subject to medical prescription,
Regulation (EC) No 726/2004 laying down Community procedures for the
authorisation and supervision of medicinal products for human and
veterinary use and establishing a European Medicines Agency [COM(2008)0662
- C6-0517/2008- 2008/0255(COD)] - Committee on the Environment, Public
Health and Food Safety. Rapporteur: Christofer Fjellner (A7-0289/2010)

(Simple majority)
(Voting record: 'Results of votes', Item 4)

COMMISSION PROPOSAL

Approved as amended (P7_TA(2010)0430)

DRAFT LEGISLATIVE RESOLUTION

Adopted (P7_TA(2010)0430)

The following had spoken:

Christofer Fjellner (rapporteur) moved an oral amendment to Amendment 13,
which was accepted.


5 8.5. Hazardous substances in electrical and electronic equipment ***I
(vote)

Report on the proposal for a directive of the European Parliament and of
the Council on the restriction of the use of certain hazardous substances
in electrical and electronic equipment (recast) [COM(2008)0809 - C6-
0471/2008- 2008/0240(COD)] - Committee on the Environment, Public Health
and Food Safety. Rapporteur: Jill Evans (A7-0196/2010)

(Simple majority)
(Voting record: 'Results of votes', Item 5)

COMMISSION PROPOSAL

Approved as amended (P7_TA(2010)0431)

DRAFT LEGISLATIVE RESOLUTION

Adopted (P7_TA(2010)0431)


6 8.6. Anti-Counterfeiting Trade Agreement (vote)

The debate had been held on 20 October 2010 (minutes of 20.10.2010, item
16).
The announcement of motions for resolutions had taken place on 24 November
2010 (minutes of 24.11.2010, item 2).

Motions for resolution B7-0617/2010, B7-0618/2010, B7-0619/2010, B7-
0620/2010/rev and B7-0621/2010

(Simple majority)
(Voting record: 'Results of votes', Item 6)

JOINT MOTION FOR A RESOLUTION RC-B7-0617/2010

(replacing B7-0617/2010, B7-0619/2010, B7-0620/2010/rev and B7-0621/2010):

tabled by the following Members:

Kader Arif and Vronique De Keyser, on behalf of the S&D Group,
Niccol Rinaldi, Marietje Schaake, Alexander Alvaro, Marielle De Sarnez,
Renate Weber and Metin Kazak, on behalf of the ALDE Group,
Carl Schlyter, Eva Lichtenberger and Sandrine Blier, on behalf of the
Verts/ALE Group,
Helmut Scholz, Rui Tavares, Miloslav Ransdorf and Marisa Matias, on behalf
of the GUE/NGL Group

Rejected

MOTION FOR A RESOLUTION B7-0618/2010

Adopted (P7_TA(2010)0432)

(Motions for resolutions B7-0619/2010, B7-0620/2010/rev and B7-0621/2010
fell.)


