3. Outcome of the Summit of 7 May 2010 and the ECOFIN meeting - What is the
political relevance of the EU 2020 strategy in the context of the current
financial and economic crisis? - Consequences of the financial and economic
crisis on the EU 2020 strategy and its governance - What is the relevance
of the EU 2020 strategy in the framework of the current financial and
economic crisis? (debate)

Council and Commission statements: Outcome of the Summit of 7 May 2010 and
the ECOFIN meeting

Oral question (O-0052/2010) by Joseph Daul, on behalf of the PPE Group,
Martin Schulz, on behalf of the S&D Group, and Guy Verhofstadt, on behalf
of the ALDE Group, to the Council: What is the political relevance of the
EU 2020 strategy in the context of the current financial and economic
crisis? (B7-0213/2010)

Oral question (O-0053/2010) by Joseph Daul, on behalf of the PPE Group,
Martin Schulz, on behalf of the S&D Group, and Guy Verhofstadt, on behalf
of the ALDE Group, to the Commission: What is the political relevance of
the EU 2020 strategy in the context of the current financial and economic
crisis? (B7-0214/2010)

Oral question (O-0068/2010) by Rebecca Harms and Daniel Cohn-Bendit, on
behalf of the Verts/ALE Group, to the Council: Consequences of the
financial and economic crisis for the EU 2020 strategy and its governance
(B7-0301/2010)

Oral question (O-0065/2010) by Nigel Farage and Francesco Enrico Speroni,
on behalf of the EFD Group, to the Council: Political relevance of the EU
2020 strategy in the context of the current financial and economic crisis
(B7-0219/2010)

Oral question (O-0066/2010) by by Nigel Farage and Francesco Enrico
Speroni, on behalf of the EFD Group, to the Commission: Political relevance
of the EU 2020 strategy in the context of the current financial and
economic crisis (B7-0220/2010)

Diego Lpez Garrido (President-in-Office of the Council) and Olli Rehn
(Member of the Commission) made the statements.

The following spoke: Joseph Daul, on behalf of the PPE Group, Martin
Schulz, on behalf of the S&D Group, Guy Verhofstadt, on behalf of the ALDE
Group, Rebecca Harms, on behalf of the Verts/ALE Group, Timothy Kirkhope,
on behalf of the ECR Group, Lothar Bisky, on behalf of the GUE/NGL Group,
Niki Tzavela, on behalf of the EFD Group, Nicole Sinclaire, outlining the
discussion, Francisco Sosa Wagner, Non-attached Member, Corien Wortmann-
Kool, Hannes Swoboda, Adina-Ioana V?lean, Philippe Lamberts, Derk Jan
Eppink, Patrick Le Hyaric, Mario Borghezio, Hans-Peter Martin, Othmar
Karas, Udo Bullmann, Marielle De Sarnez, Pascal Canfin, Peter van Dalen,
Nikolaos Chountis, Marta Andreasen and Andreas Mlzer.

                      IN THE CHAIR: Stavros LAMBRINIDIS
                               Vice-President

The following spoke: Werner Langen, Juan Fernando Lpez Aguilar, Sylvie
Goulard, Kay Swinburne, Cornelis de Jong, Nikolaos Salavrakos, Mario Mauro,
David-Maria Sassoli, Wolf Klinz, Janusz Wojciechowski, Jean-Pierre Audy,
Elisa Ferreira, Miros?aw Piotrowski, Jaime Mayor Oreja, Anni Podimata,
Paulo Rangel, Gran Frm, Theodoros Skylakakis, Danuta Maria Hbner, Gay
Mitchell, Alajos Mszros and Marian-Jean Marinescu.

The following spoke under the 'catch-the-eye' procedure: Mairead
McGuinness, Elena B?sescu, Antigoni Papadopoulou, Olle Schmidt, Jaroslav
Pa?ka, Andrew Henry William Brons, Tunne Kelam, Danuta Jaz?owiecka, Liisa
Jaakonsaari, Michael Theurer, Franz Obermayr, Paul Rbig, Milan Zver, Sen
Kelly, Karin Kadenbach, Rachida Dati, Vasilica Viorica D?ncil? and Czes?aw
Adam Siekierski.

The following spoke: Diego Lpez Garrido and Olli Rehn.

The debate closed.

                      IN THE CHAIR: Alejo VIDAL-QUADRAS
                               Vice-President


