12. Common rules for access to the international market for coach and bus
services (recast) ***II - Common rules concerning the conditions to be
complied with to pursue the occupation of road transport operator ***II -
Common rules for access to the international road haulage market (recast)
***II (debate)

Recommendation for second reading: on the common position of the Council
with a view to the adoption of the Regulation of the European Parliament
and of the Council on common rules for access to the international market
for coach and bus services (recast) [11786/1/2008 - C6-0016/2009 -
2007/0097(COD)] - Committee on Transport and Tourism. Rapporteur: Mathieu
Grosch (A6-0215/2009)

Recommendation for second reading: on the common position adopted by the
Council with a view to the adoption of a Regulation of the European
Parliament and of the Council establishing common rules concerning the
conditions to be complied with to pursue the occupation of road transport
operator and repealing Council Directive 96/26/EC [11783/1/2008 - C6-
0015/2009 - 2007/0098(COD)] - Committee on Transport and Tourism.
Rapporteur: Silvia-Adriana ?ic?u (A6-0210/2009)

Recommendation for second reading: on the common position adopted by the
Council with a view to the adoption of a Regulation of the European
Parliament and of the Council on common rules for access to the
international road haulage market (recast) [11788/1/2008 - C6-0014/2009 -
2007/0099(COD)] - Committee on Transport and Tourism. Rapporteur: Mathieu
Grosch (A6-0211/2009)

Mathieu Grosch and Silvia-Adriana ?ic?u presented the recommendations for
second reading.

The following spoke: Pavel Svoboda (President-in-Office of the Council) et
Antonio Tajani (Vice-President of the Commission).

The following spoke: Georg Jarzembowski, on behalf of the PPE-DE Group,
Brian Simpson, on behalf of the PSE Group, Jeanine Hennis-Plasschaert, on
behalf of the ALDE Group, Roberts Z?le, on behalf of the UEN Group,
Georgios Toussas, on behalf of the GUE/NGL Group, Johannes Blokland, on
behalf of the IND/DEM Group, Corien Wortmann-Kool, Gilles Savary, Dirk
Sterckx, Michael Henry Nattrass, Dieter-Lebrecht Koch, Sad El Khadraoui
and Ari Vatanen.

The following spoke: Pavel Svoboda.

                IN THE CHAIR: Miguel Angel MARTNEZ MARTNEZ
                               Vice-President

The following spoke: Antonio Tajani, Dirk Sterckx, on the conduct of the
debate, Mathieu Grosch and Silvia-Adriana ?ic?u.

The debate closed.

Vote: minutes of 23.4.2009, item 8.1, minutes of 23.4.2009, item 8.2 and
minutes of 23.4.2009, item 8.3.

