16. Long-term plan for the anchovy stock in the Bay of Biscay and the
fisheries exploiting that stock ***I - Multiannual plan for the western
stock of Atlantic horse mackerel and the fisheries exploiting that stock
***I - Prohibition of highgrading and restrictions on fishing for flounder
and turbot in the Baltic Sea, the Belts and the Sound ***I - Use of alien
and locally absent species in aquaculture ***I (debate)

Report on the proposal for a regulation of the European Parliament and of
the Council establishing a long-term plan for the anchovy stock in the Bay
of Biscay and the fisheries exploiting that stock [2009/0112(COD)] -
Committee on Fisheries. Rapporteur: Izaskun Bilbao Barandica (A7-0299/2010)

Report on the proposal for a regulation of the European Parliament and of
the Council establishing a multi-annual plan for the western stock of
Atlantic horse mackerel and the fisheries exploiting that stock
[2009/0057(COD)] - Committee on Fisheries. Rapporteur: Pat the Cope
Gallagher (A7-0296/2010)

Report on the proposal for a regulation of the European Parliament and of
the Council amending Council Regulation (EC) No 2187/2005 as regards the
prohibition of highgrading and restrictions on fishing for flounder and
turbot in the Baltic Sea, the Belts and the Sound [2010/0175(COD)] -
Committee on Fisheries. Rapporteur: Marek Jzef Grbarczyk (A7-0295/2010)

Report on the proposal for a regulation of the European Parliament and of
the Council amending Regulation (EC) No 708/2007 concerning use of alien
and locally absent species in aquaculture [COM(2009)0541 - C7-0272/2009 -
2009/0153(COD)] - Committee on Fisheries. Rapporteur: Joo Ferreira (A7-
0184/2010)

Izaskun Bilbao Barandica, Pat the Cope Gallagher, Marek Jzef Grbarczyk
and Joo Ferreira introduced the reports.

The following spoke: Maria Damanaki (Member of the Commission).

The following spoke: Carmen Fraga Estvez, on behalf of the PPE Group,
Kriton Arsenis, on behalf of the S&D Group, Carl Haglund, on behalf of the
ALDE Group, Isabella Lvin, on behalf of the Verts/ALE Group, Andrew Henry
William Brons, Non-attached Member, Paulo Rangel, Josefa Andrs Barea and
Britta Reimers.

                         IN THE CHAIR: Libor ROU?EK
                               Vice-President

The following spoke: Ral Romeva i Rueda, Werner Kuhn, Ulrike Rodust, Ian
Hudghton, Gabriel Mato Adrover, Antoln Snchez Presedo, Alain Cadec and
Guido Milana.

The following spoke under the 'catch-the-eye' procedure: Jaros?aw Leszek
Wa??sa, Brian Crowley, Nick Griffin, Sen Kelly, Gerard Batten and Ricardo
Corts Lastra.

The following spoke: Maria Damanaki, Izaskun Bilbao Barandica, Pat the Cope
Gallagher, Marek Jzef Grbarczyk and Joo Ferreira.

The debate closed.

Vote: minutes of 23.11.2010, item 6.18, minutes of 23.11.2010, item 6.19,
minutes of 23.11.2010, item 6.20 and minutes of 23.11.2010, item 6.21.

