17. Information on medicinal products (Community code relating to medicinal
products) ***I - Information on medicinal products (Community procedures
for the authorisation and supervision of medicinal products) ***I (debate)

Report on the proposal for a directive of the European Parliament and of
the Council amending, as regards information to the general public on
medicinal products subject to medical prescription, Directive 2001/83/EC on
the Community code relating to medicinal products for human use
[COM(2008)0663 - C6-0516/2008- 2008/0256(COD)] - Committee on the
Environment, Public Health and Food Safety.Rapporteur: Christofer Fjellner
(A7-0290/2010)

Report on the proposal for a regulation of the European Parliament and of
the Council amending, as regards information to the general public on
medicinal products for human use subject to medical prescription,
Regulation (EC) No 726/2004 laying down Community procedures for the
authorisation and supervision of medicinal products for human and
veterinary use and establishing a European Medicines Agency [COM(2008)0662
- C6-0517/2008- 2008/0255(COD)] - Committee on the Environment, Public
Health and Food Safety.Rapporteur: Christofer Fjellner (A7-0289/2010)

Christofer Fjellner introduced the reports.

The following spoke: John Dalli (Member of the Commission).

The following spoke: Antnio Fernando Correia De Campos (rapporteur for the
opinion of the ITRE Committee), Cristian Silviu Bu?oi (rapporteur for the
opinion of the IMCO Committee), Horst Schnellhardt, on behalf of the PPE
Group, Gilles Pargneaux, on behalf of the S&D Group, Antonyia Parvanova, on
behalf of the ALDE Group, and Miroslav Ouzk, on behalf of the ECR Group.

                       IN THE CHAIR: Roberta ANGELILLI
                               Vice-President

The following spoke: Ji? Ma?tlka, on behalf of the GUE/NGL Group, Anna
Rosbach, on behalf of the EFD Group, Franz Obermayr, Non-attached Member,
Salvatore Tatarella, Karin Kadenbach, Marina Yannakoudakis, Radvil?
Mork?nait?-Mikul?nien?, Milan Cabrnoch, Anja Weisgerber, Franoise
Grossette and Alajos Mszros.

The following spoke under the 'catch-the-eye' procedure: Zuzana Roithov,
Mario Pirillo, Oreste Rossi and Mairead McGuinness.

The following spoke: John Dalli and Christofer Fjellner.

The debate closed.

Vote: minutes of 24.11.2010, item 8.3 and minutes of 24.11.2010, item 8.4.

