8. Agenda

The President proposed, in agreement with the political groups and pursuant
to the Rules of Procedure, two amendments to the agenda of the current part-
session.

- Proposal to put back to the next part-session the vote on the motions for
resolutions tabled to wind up the debate on the EU-Russia Summit (Minutes
of 22.10.2007, Item 12 and Minutes of 23.10.2007, Item 1).

The following spoke on this proposal: Graham Watson, on behalf of the ALDE
Group, Hannes Swoboda, on behalf of the PSE Group,  Daniel Cohn-Bendit, on
behalf of the Verts/ALE Group, and Martin Schulz, who requested that Russia
be informed by the Commission and the Council of Parliament's position at
the Summit.

The President, noting that Parliament wished to vote on this proposal, put
the matter to the vote.

Parliament approved the proposal by EV (321 for, 309 against, 27
abstentions).

The tabling deadline was set as follows:

amendments and joint motions for resolutions: Wednesday 07.11.2007, 18.00.

- Proposal to vote on the report by Margie Sudre (A6-0405/2007) on the EC-
Madagascar Fisheries Partnership Agreement (item 57 on the agenda) and the
report by Emanuel Jardim Fernandes (A6-0404/2007) on the EC-Mozambique
Fisheries Partnership Agreement (item 58 on the agenda) without debate
during voting time at noon on Thursday, reports that had initially been
planned with debate.

The following spoke: Christopher Beazley, who referred to the procedure
relating to the first proposal and called for the Council and the
Commission to provide Mr Putin with the Verbatim Report of the debate on
the EU-Russia Summit, and Margie Sudre, who requested confirmation that
both above-mentioned reports would be voted on without debate (the
President confirmed this).

Parliament approved the proposal.


