1 6.1. Draft general budget of the European Union - 2009 budget (vote)

- Draft amendments to and proposals for modification relating to the
appropriations in Section III of the 2009 draft general budget, concerning
the Commission

- Draft amendments to Sections I, II, IV, V, VI, VII, VIII and IX of the
2009 draft general budget concerning the European Parliament, Council,
Court of Justice, Court of Auditors, Economic and Social Committee,
Committee of the Regions, European Ombudsman and European Data Protection
Supervisor

(Qualified majority for draft amendments dealing with non-compulsory
expenditure; simple majority for proposed modifications dealing with
compulsory expenditure)

The draft amendments and proposed modifications adopted are listed in an
annex to the Texts Adopted.

(Voting record: 'Results of votes', Item 1)

The following spoke:
Before the vote

Jutta Haug (rapporteur) proposed the following technical adjustments:

- the vote on Amendment 783 on budget line 22 02 04 02 was for payment
appropriations only;

- the remarks regarding the Global Energy Assessment (GEA) would be moved
from budget line 08 03 01, where they had been tabled in error, to budget
line 08 05 01; in consequence, Amendment 936 on line 08 03 01 would be
voted without the GEA remarks; they would be included in Amendment  938 on
line 08 05 01, instead;

- the decision to restore PDB for the decentralised agencies on Titles 1
and 2 covered restoration of their PDB establishment plans; this concerned
the Medicines Agency, the European Chemicals Agency, the Aviation Safety
Agency, the Maritime Safety Agency, the Railway Agency, the Environment
Agency, the Centre for Development of Vocational Training, the Food Safety
Authority, the Fisheries Control Agency and the Community Plant Variety
Office, for which the establishment plans were missing from the amendments
documents;

- On advice from the legal service, one budgetary remark adopted on several
budget lines had to be slightly adapted; this concerned the remark starting
with 'Commission shall allow ...' until '... regarding the use of Community
Funds' that was included in the following amendments: Amendment 994 on line
19 04 01, Amendment 1011 on line 21 02 01, Amendment 1015 on line 21 03 01,
Amendment 1016 on line 21 04 01, Amendment 1026 on line 23 02 01 and
Amendment 785 on line 23 02 02; the correct version of this remark was
attached to the voting list;

- due to a technical error, line 19 06 06 entitled 'Consular Cooperation'
had not been included on the list of amendments although it had been
adopted as part of amending letter 1/2009; that line would be added with a
token entry only.

The President noted that there were no objections to the proposed
adjustments.

During the vote

- Catherine Guy-Quint, on the putting to the vote of Amendment 106;

- Janusz Lewandowski (rapporteur) on the putting to the vote of the block
of amendments No 8.


