5. Breast cancer (debate)

Oral question (O-0098/2006) by Jan Andersson and Karin Jns, on behalf of
the EMPL Committee, to the Commission: Reintegration of breast cancer
patients into the job market and use of social funds for continued training
of health professionals in the field of breast cancer (B6-0433/2006)

Oral question (O-0101/2006) by Karl-Heinz Florenz and Karin Jns, on behalf
of the ENVI Committee, to the Commission: Early detection and treatment of
breast cancer in the enlarged European Union (B6-0434/2006)

Oral question (O-0116/2006) by Anna Zborsk and Karin Jns, on behalf of
the FEMM Committee, to the Commission: Follow-up to Parliament's resolution
of 5 June 2003 on breast cancer in the European Union (B6-0436/2006)

Karin Jns, Jan Andersson, Karl-Heinz Florenz and Anna Zborsk (authors)
moved the oral questions.

Markos Kyprianou (Member of the Commission) and Vladimr ?pidla (Member of
the Commission) answered the questions.

The following spoke: John Bowis, on behalf of the PPE-DE Group, Stephen
Hughes, on behalf of the PSE Group, Elizabeth Lynne, on behalf of the ALDE
Group, Hiltrud Breyer, on behalf of the Verts/ALE Group, Adamos Adamou, on
behalf of the GUE/NGL Group, Liam Aylward, on behalf of the UEN Group,
Urszula Krupa, on behalf of the IND/DEM Group, Irena Belohorsk, Non-
attached Member, Cristina Gutirrez-Cortines, Dorette Corbey, Anneli
Jtteenmki, Satu Hassi, Ilda Figueiredo, Jean-Claude Martinez, Franoise
Grossette, Anne Ferreira, Marian Harkin, Rodi Kratsa-Tsagaropoulou, Karin
Scheele, Lissy Grner, Edite Estrela, Britta Thomsen, Lidia Joanna Geringer
de Oedenberg, Marta Vincenzi, Karin Jns, Markos Kyprianou and Vladimr
?pidla.

Motion for a resolution to wind up the debate tabled pursuant to Rule
108(5):

- Karin Jns and Martin Schulz, on behalf of the PSE Group, Hans-Gert
Poettering, John Bowis, Ria Oomen-Ruijten, Anna Zborsk and Marie
Panayotopoulos-Cassiotou, on behalf of the PPE-DE Group, Elizabeth Lynne
and Marios Matsakis, on behalf of the ALDE Group, Hiltrud Breyer and Ral
Romeva i Rueda, on behalf of the Verts/ALE Group, Adamos Adamou, Ilda
Figueiredo and Eva-Britt Svensson, on behalf of the GUE/NGL Group, Adriana
Poli Bortone, Liam Aylward, Konrad Szyma?ski and Alessandro Foglietta, on
behalf of the UEN Group, Kathy Sinnott, on behalf of the IND/DEM Group on
breast cancer in the enlarged European Union (B6-0528/2006).

The debate closed.

Vote: Minutes of 25.10.2006, Item 6.11.
                       IN THE CHAIR: Pierre MOSCOVICI
                               Vice-President


