15. EC-Comoros fisheries agreement *** - Community financial measures for
the implementation of the common fisheries policy and in the area of the
Law of the Sea ***I - Fisheries - transitional technical measures ***I -
Imports from Greenland of fishery products * (debate)

Recommendation on the proposal for a Council decision on the conclusion of
the Protocol setting out the fishing opportunities and financial
contribution provided for in the Partnership Agreement in the fisheries
sector between the European Community and the Union of the Comoros
[15572/2010 - C7-0020/2011- 2010/0287(NLE)] - Committee on Fisheries.
Rapporteur: Luis Manuel Capoulas Santos (A7-0056/2011)

Report on the proposal for a regulation of the European Parliament and of
the Council amending Council Regulation (EC) No 861/2006 of 22 May 2006
establishing Community financial measures for the implementation of the
common fisheries policy and in the area of the Law of the Sea
[COM(2010)0145 - C7-0107/2010- 2010/0080(COD)] - Committee on Fisheries.
Rapporteur: Joo Ferreira (A7-0017/2011)

Report on the proposal for a regulation of the European Parliament and of
the Council amending Council Regulation (EC) No 1288/2009 establishing
transitional technical measures from 1 January 2010 to 30 June 2011
[COM(2010)0488 - C7-0282/2010- 2010/0255(COD)] - Committee on Fisheries.
Rapporteur: Estelle Grelier (A7-0024/2011)

Report on the proposal for a Council decision laying down rules for imports
into the European Union from Greenland of fishery products, live bivalve
molluscs, echinoderms, tunicates, marine gastropods and by-products thereof
[COM(2010)0176 - C7-0136/2010 - 2010/0097(CNS)] - Committee on Fisheries.
Rapporteur: Carmen Fraga Estvez (A7-0057/2011)

Luis Manuel Capoulas Santos introduced the recommendation.

Joo Ferreira, Estelle Grelier and Carmen Fraga Estvez presented their
reports

The following spoke: Maria Damanaki (Member of the Commission).

The following spoke: Franois Alfonsi (rapporteur for the opinion of the
BUDG Committee), Jaros?aw Leszek Wa??sa, on behalf of the PPE Group, Ulrike
Rodust, on behalf of the S&D Group, Pat the Cope Gallagher, on behalf of
the ALDE Group, Isabella Lvin, on behalf of the Verts/ALE Group, Marek
Jzef Grbarczyk, on behalf of the ECR Group, Derek Roland Clark, on behalf
of the EFD Group, Diane Dodds, Non-attached Member, Alain Cadec, Ole
Christensen, Britta Reimers, Ian Hudghton, Struan Stevenson, Maria do Cu
Patro Neves, Josefa Andrs Barea, Izaskun Bilbao Barandica, Sen Kelly,
Antoln Snchez Presedo and Vasilica Viorica D?ncil?.

The following spoke: Maria Damanaki, Luis Manuel Capoulas Santos, Joo
Ferreira, Estelle Grelier and Carmen Fraga Estvez.

The debate closed.

Vote: minutes of 6.4.2011, item 8.3, minutes of 6.4.2011, item 8.11,
minutes of 6.4.2011, item 8.12 and minutes of 6.4.2011, item 8.8.

