3. Coordination of social security systems ***I - Coordination of social
security systems ***I - Extending Regulation (EC) No 883/2004 to third
country nationals otherwise excluded * (debate)

Report: on the proposal for a regulation of the European Parliament and of
the Council laying down the procedure for implementing Regulation (EC) No
883/2004 on the coordination of social security systems [COM(2006)0016 - C6-
0037/2006 - 2006/0006(COD)] - Committee on Employment and Social Affairs.
Rapporteur: Jean Lambert (A6-0251/2008)

Report: on the proposal for a regulation of the European Parliament and of
the Council amending Regulation (EC) No 883/2004 on the coordination of
social security systems, and determining the content of Annex XI
[COM(2006)0007 - C6-0029/2006 - 2006/0008(COD)] - Committee on Employment
and Social Affairs. Rapporteur: Emine Bozkurt (A6-0229/2008)

Report: on the proposal for a Council regulation extending the provisions
of Regulation (EC) No 883/2004 and Regulation (EC) No [...] to nationals of
third countries who are not already covered by these provisions solely on
the ground of their nationality [COM(2007)0439 - C6-0289/2007 -
2007/0152(CNS)] - Committee on Employment and Social Affairs. Rapporteur:
Jean Lambert (A6-0209/2008)

The following spoke: Vladimr ?pidla (Member of the Commission).

Jean Lambert introduced the reports.

                         IN THE CHAIR: Martine ROURE
                               Vice-President

Emine Bozkurt introduced the report.

The following spoke: Zuzana Roithov (draftsman of the opinion of the FEMM
Committee), Gabriele Stauner, on behalf of the PPE-DE Group, Jan Cremers,
on behalf of the PSE Group, Ona Juknevi?ien?, on behalf of the ALDE Group,
Ewa Tomaszewska, on behalf of the UEN Group, Dimitrios Papadimoulis, on
behalf of the GUE/NGL Group, Derek Roland Clark, on behalf of the IND/DEM
Group, Jim Allister, Non-attached Member, Ria Oomen-Ruijten, Jan Andersson,
Siiri Oviir, Andrzej Tomasz Zapa?owski, Kyriacos Triantaphyllides, Edit
Bauer, Gabriela Cre?u, Zdzis?aw Zbigniew Podka?ski, Marie Panayotopoulos-
Cassiotou, Proinsias De Rossa, Monica Maria Iacob-Ridzi and Joel Hasse
Ferreira.

The following spoke under the 'catch-the-eye' procedure: Zita Ple?tinsk.

The following spoke: Vladimr ?pidla, Jean Lambert and Emine Bozkurt.

The following spoke: Robert Goebbels, who regretted the fact that the
Council was not present.

The debate closed.

Vote: minutes of 09.07.2008, item 5.11, minutes of 09.07.2008, item 5.12
and minutes of 09.07.2008, item 5.13.
                     IN THE CHAIR: Edward McMILLAN-SCOTT
                               Vice-President


