9. Community vessel traffic monitoring and information system ***II -
Investigation of accidents in the maritime transport sector ***II - The
liability of carriers of passengers by sea in the event of an accident
***II -  Port State control (recast) ***II - Ship inspection and survey
organisations (Directive recast) ***II - Ship inspection and survey
organisations (Regulation recast) ***II (debate)

Recommendation for second reading: on the Council common position adopted
with a view to the adoption of a directive of the European Parliament and
of the Council amending Directive 2002/59/EC establishing a Community
vessel traffic monitoring and information system [05719/3/2008 - C6-
0225/2008 - 2005/0239(COD)] - Committee on Transport and Tourism.
Rapporteur: Dirk Sterckx (A6-0334/2008)

Recommendation for second reading: on the Council common position adopted
with a view to the adoption of a directive of the European Parliament and
of the Council establishing the fundamental principles governing the
investigation of accidents in the maritime transport sector and amending
Directives 1999/35/EC and 2002/59/EC [05721/5/2008 - C6-0226/2008 -
2005/0240(COD)] - Committee on Transport and Tourism. Rapporteur: Jaromr
Kohl?ek (A6-0332/2008)

Recommendation for second reading: on the Council common position adopted
with a view to the adoption of a regulation of the European Parliament and
of the Council on the liability of carriers of passengers by sea in the
event of accidents [06389/2/2008 - C6-0227/2008 - 2005/0241(COD)] -
Committee on Transport and Tourism. Rapporteur: Paolo Costa (A6-0333/2008)

Recommendation for second reading: on the Council common position adopted
with a view to the adoption of a directive of the European Parliament and
of the Council on port State control (recast) [05722/3/2008 - C6-0224/2008
- 2005/0238(COD)] - Committee on Transport and Tourism. Rapporteur:
Dominique Vlasto (A6-0335/2008)

Recommendation for second reading: on the Council common position adopted
with a view to the adoption of a directive of the European Parliament and
of the Council on common rules and standards for ship inspection and survey
organisations and for the relevant activities of maritime administrations
(recast) [05724/2/2008 - C6-0222/2008 - 2005/0237A(COD)] - Committee on
Transport and Tourism. Rapporteur: Luis de Grandes Pascual (A6-0331/2008)

Recommendation for second reading: on the Council common position adopted
with a view to the adoption of a regulation of the European Parliament and
of the Council on common rules and standards for ship inspection and survey
organisations (recast) [05726/2/2008 - C6-0223/2008 - 2005/0237B(COD)] -
Committee on Transport and Tourism. Rapporteur: Luis de Grandes Pascual (A6-
0330/2008)

Dirk Sterckx introduced recommendation A6-0334/2008.

Paolo Costa introduced recommendation A6-0333/2008.

Dominique Vlasto introduced recommendation A6-0335/2008.

Luis de Grandes Pascual introduced recommendations A6-0331/2008 and A6-
0330/2008.

Jaromr Kohl?ek introduced recommendation A6-0332/2008.

The following spoke: Dominique Bussereau (President-in-Office of the
Council) and Antonio Tajani (Member of the Commission).

The following spoke: Georg Jarzembowski, on behalf of the PPE-DE Group.


