11. Community vessel traffic monitoring and information system ***II -
Investigation of accidents in the maritime transport sector ***II - The
liability of carriers of passengers by sea in the event of an accident
***II - Port State control (recast) ***II - Ship inspection and survey
organisations (Directive recast) ***II - Ship inspection and survey
organisations (Regulation recast) ***II (continuation of debate)

Recommendation for second reading: on the Council common position adopted
with a view to the adoption of a directive of the European Parliament and
of the Council amending Directive 2002/59/EC establishing a Community
vessel traffic monitoring and information system [05719/3/2008 - C6-
0225/2008 - 2005/0239(COD)] - Committee on Transport and Tourism.
Rapporteur: Dirk Sterckx (A6-0334/2008)

Recommendation for second reading: on the Council common position adopted
with a view to the adoption of a directive of the European Parliament and
of the Council establishing the fundamental principles governing the
investigation of accidents in the maritime transport sector and amending
Directives 1999/35/EC and 2002/59/EC [05721/5/2008 - C6-0226/2008 -
2005/0240(COD)] - Committee on Transport and Tourism. Rapporteur: Jaromr
Kohl?ek (A6-0332/2008)

Recommendation for second reading: on the Council common position adopted
with a view to the adoption of a regulation of the European Parliament and
of the Council on the liability of carriers of passengers by sea in the
event of accidents [06389/2/2008 - C6-0227/2008 - 2005/0241(COD)] -
Committee on Transport and Tourism. Rapporteur: Paolo Costa (A6-0333/2008)

Recommendation for second reading: on the Council common position adopted
with a view to the adoption of a directive of the European Parliament and
of the Council on common rules and standards for ship inspection and survey
organisations and for the relevant activities of maritime administrations
(recast) [05724/2/2008 - C6-0222/2008 - 2005/0237A(COD)] - Committee on
Transport and Tourism. Rapporteur: Luis de Grandes Pascual (A6-0331/2008)

Recommendation for second reading: on the Council common position adopted
with a view to the adoption of a regulation of the European Parliament and
of the Council on common rules and standards for ship inspection and survey
organisations (recast) [05726/2/2008 - C6-0223/2008 - 2005/0237B(COD)] -
Committee on Transport and Tourism. Rapporteur: Luis de Grandes Pascual (A6-
0330/2008)

The following spoke: Gilles Savary, on behalf of the PSE Group, Anne E.
Jensen, on behalf of the ALDE Group, Roberts Z?le, on behalf of the UEN
Group, and Michael Cramer, on behalf of the Verts/ALE Group.


                   IN THE CHAIR: Rodi KRATSA-TSAGAROPOULOU
                               Vice-President


The following spoke: Erik Meijer, on behalf of the GUE/NGL Group, Johannes
Blokland, on behalf of the IND/DEM Group, Ioannis Kasoulides, Emanuel
Jardim Fernandes, Ian Hudghton, Georgios Toussas, Derek Roland Clark,
Corien Wortmann-Kool, Bogus?aw Liberadzki, Jacky Hnin, Reinhard Rack, Rosa
Migulez Ramos, Silvia-Adriana ?ic?u, Ins Ayala Sender, Maria Eleni Koppa,
Marusya Ivanova Lyubcheva, Justas Vincas Paleckis, Dominique Bussereau
(President-in-Office of the Council), Antonio Tajani (Member of the
Commission), Dirk Sterckx, Jaromr Kohl?ek, Paolo Costa, Corien Wortmann-
Kool, Dominique Vlasto and Luis de Grandes Pascual.

The debate closed.

Vote: minutes of 24.09.2008, item 6.4, minutes of 24.09.2008, item 6.5,
minutes of 24.09.2008, item 6.6, minutes of 24.09.2008, item 6.7, minutes
of 24.09.2008, item 6.8 and minutes of 24.09.2008, item 6.9.

