10. Implementation of the Council decision on the moratorium against death
penalty (debate)

Council statement: Implementation of the Council decision on the moratorium
against death penalty

Manuel Lobo Antunes (President-in-Office of the Council) made the
statement.

The following spoke: Laima Liucija Andrikien?, on behalf of the PPE-DE
Group, Martin Schulz, on behalf of the PSE Group, Marco Pannella, on behalf
of the ALDE Group, Konrad Szyma?ski, on behalf of the UEN Group, who spoke
on Martin Schulz's remarks, Monica Frassoni, on behalf of the Verts/ALE
Group, Luisa Morgantini, on behalf of the GUE/NGL Group, Jean-Claude
Martinez, on behalf of the ITS Group, Irena Belohorsk, Non-attached
Member, Maria da Assuno Esteves, Pasqualina Napoletano, Hlne Flautre,
Piia-Noora Kauppi, Jzef Pinior, Ana Maria Gomes, Genowefa Grabowska,
Manuel Lobo Antunes, Martin Schulz, who made a personal statement in
response to Konrad Szyma?ski's remarks, and Monica Frassoni, who put a
question to the Council, which was answered by Manuel Lobo Antunes.

Motions for a resolution to wind up the debate tabled pursuant to Rule
103(2):
- Laima Liucija Andrikien?, on behalf of the PPE-DE Group, on
implementation of the Council decision on the moratorium on the death
penalty (B6-0357/2007);

- Pasqualina Napoletano, Raimon Obiols i Germ, Elena Valenciano Martnez-
Orozco and Jzef Pinior, on behalf of the PSE Group, on a universal
moratorium on the death penalty (B6-0358/2007);

- Marco Cappato, Marco Pannella, Frdrique Ries, Sarah Ludford and Marios
Matsakis, on behalf of the ALDE Group, on the initiative for a universal
moratorium on the death penalty (B6-0359/2007);

- Hlne Flautre, Ral Romeva i Rueda, Milan Hor?ek, Monica Frassoni and
Daniel Cohn-Bendit, on behalf of the Verts/ALE Group, on the implementation
of the Council decision relating to a moratorium on the death penalty (B6-
0360/2007);

- Andr Brie, Luisa Morgantini, Vittorio Agnoletto and Willy Meyer Pleite,
on behalf of the GUE/NGL Group, on the EU Council's strategy for the
adoption of a UNGA resolution on an international moratorium on capital
punishment (B6-0361/2007).

The debate closed.

Vote: Minutes of 27.09.2007, Item 9.3.

