1.1) reports
- Report on the convening of the Intergovernmental Conference (IGC): the
European Parliament's opinion (Article 48 of the TEU) (11222/2007 - C6-
0206/2007 - 2007/0808(CNS)) - AFCO Committee - Rapporteur: Jo Leinen (A6-
0279/2007)

3. Transfers of appropriations

The Committee on Budgets had considered the Commission's proposal for
transfer of appropriations DEC 14/2007 (C6-0148/2007 - SEC(2007)0560).

Having noted the Council's opinion, it had authorised the transfer in full
under Article 24(3) of the Financial Regulation of 25.06.2002, as amended
on 13.12.2006.
                                      
                                      

The Committee on Budgets had considered the Commission's proposal for
transfer of appropriations DEC 16/2007 (C6-0164/2007 - SEC(2007)0674).

Having noted the Council's opinion, it had authorised the transfer in full
under Article 24(3) of the Financial Regulation of 25.06.2002, as amended
on 13.12.2006.
                                      
                                      

The Committee on Budgets had considered the Commission's proposal for
transfer of appropriations DEC 17/2007 (C6-0165/2007 - SEC(2007)0675).

Having noted the Council's opinion, it had authorised the transfer in full
under Article 24(3) of the Financial Regulation of 25.06.2002, as amended
on 13.12.2006.
                                      
                                      

The Committee on Budgets had considered the Commission's proposal for
transfer of appropriations DEC 19/2007 (C6-0189/2007 - SEC(2007)0677).

It had delivered a favourable opinion on the transfer under Article 24(2)
of the Financial Regulation of 25.06.2002, as amended on 13.12.2006.

                                      
                                      

The Committee on Budgets had considered the Commission's proposal for
transfer of appropriations DEC 20/2007 (C6-0167/2007 - SEC(2007)0678).

It had authorised the transfer in full under Article 24(2) and (3) of the
Financial Regulation of 25.06.2002, as amended on 13.12.2006.

                                      
                                      

The Committee on Budgets had considered the Commission's proposal for
transfer of appropriations DEC 23/2007 (C6-0194/2007 - SEC(2007)0681).

It had authorised the transfer in full under Article 24(2) and (3) of the
Financial Regulation of 25.06.2002, as amended on 13.12.2006.

                                      
                                      

The Committee on Budgets had considered the Commission's proposal for
transfer of appropriations DEC 24/2007 (C6-0192/2007 - SEC(2007)0682).

It had delivered a favourable opinion on the transfer under Article 24(2)
of the Financial Regulation of 25.06.2002, as amended on 13.12.2006.


4. Debates on cases of breaches of human rights, democracy and the rule of
law (announcement of motions for resolutions tabled)

Pursuant to Rule 115, the following Members or political groups had
requested that such a debate be held on the following motions for
resolutions:

I. The humanitarian situation of Iraqi refugees
- Annemie Neyts-Uyttebroeck, Marco Cappato, Frdrique Ries, Marios
Matsakis and Thierry Cornillet, on behalf of the ALDE Group, on the
situation of Iraqi refugees and internally displaced persons (B6-0291/2007)
- Andr Brie, Marco Rizzo and Tobias Pflger, on behalf of the GUE/NGL
Group, on the humanitarian situation of the Iraqi refugees (B6-0295/2007)
- Laima Liucija Andrikien?, Charles Tannock, Bernd Posselt and Eija-Riitta
Korhola, on behalf of the PPE-DE Group, on the humanitarian situation of
Iraqi refugees (B6-0299/2007)
- Paulo Casaca, Pasqualina Napoletano, Vronique De Keyser, Elena
Valenciano Martnez-Orozco and Javier Moreno Snchez, on behalf of the PSE
Group, on the situation of Iraqi refugees and internally displaced persons
(B6-0300/2007)
- Angelika Beer, Joost Lagendijk, Ral Romeva i Rueda and Hlne Flautre,
on behalf of the Verts/ALE Group, on the situation of Iraqi refugees and
internally displaced persons (B6-0303/2007)
- Roberta Angelilli, on behalf of the UEN Group, on the humanitarian
situation of the Iraqi refugees (B6-0308/2007)

II. Human rights violations in Transnistria (Moldova)
- Annemie Neyts-Uyttebroeck, Marco Cappato and Marios Matsakis, on behalf
of the ALDE Group, on human rights violations in Transnistria and the need
for EU support for the settlement of the frozen conflict in the Republic of
Moldova (B6-0292/2007)
- Zbigniew Krzysztof Ku?miuk, Zdzis?aw Zbigniew Podka?ski, Hanna Foltyn-
Kubicka, Inese Vaidere, Janusz Wojciechowski, Adam Bielan, Micha? Tomasz
Kami?ski and Mieczys?aw Edmund Janowski, on behalf of the UEN Group, on
human rights violations in Transnistria (Moldova) (B6-0293/2007)
- Helmuth Markov, on behalf of the GUE/NGL Group, on human rights
violations in Transnistria (Moldova) (B6-0296/2007)
- Roberta Alma Anastase, Bernd Posselt, Eija-Riitta Korhola, Charles
Tannock, Ovidiu Victor Gan?, Monica Maria Iacob-Ridzi, Marian-Jean
Marinescu, Maria Petre and Radu ?rle, on behalf of the PPE-DE Group, on
human rights violations in Transnistria and the need for EU support for the
settlement of the frozen conflict in the Republic of Moldova (B6-0298/2007)
- Marianne Mikko, Pasqualina Napoletano, Hannes Swoboda, Raimon Obiols i
Germ, Dan Mihalache and Jan Marinus Wiersma, on behalf of the PSE Group,
on human rights violations in Transnistria and the need for EU support for
the settlement of the frozen conflict in the Republic of Moldova (B6-
0302/2007)
- Elisabeth Schroedter, on behalf of the Verts/ALE Group, on human rights
violations in Transnistria and the need for EU support for the settlement
of the frozen conflict in the Republic of Moldova (B6-0304/2007)

III. Human rights in Vietnam

- Annemie Neyts-Uyttebroeck, Marco Cappato, Marios Matsakis, Jules Maaten
and Frdrique Ries, on behalf of the ALDE Group, on Vietnam (B6-0290/2007)
- Vittorio Agnoletto, on behalf of the GUE/NGL Group, on Vietnam (B6-
0294/2007)
- Bernd Posselt, Charles Tannock and Eija-Riitta Korhola, on behalf of the
PPE-DE Group, on human rights in Vietnam (B6-0297/2007)
- Pasqualina Napoletano and Marc Tarabella, on behalf of the PSE Group, on
Vietnam (B6-0301/2007)
- Frithjof Schmidt, on behalf of the Verts/ALE Group, on Vietnam (B6-
0305/2007)
- Gintaras Did?iokas, Hanna Foltyn-Kubicka, Micha? Tomasz Kami?ski, Adam
Bielan and Mieczys?aw Edmund Janowski, on behalf of the UEN Group, on human
rights in Vietnam (B6-0306/2007)

Speaking time would be allocated in accordance with Rule 142.


5. Community postal services ***I (debate)

Report on the proposal for a directive of the European Parliament and of
the Council amending Directive 97/67/EC concerning the full accomplishment
of the internal market of Community postal services [COM(2006)0594 - C6-
0354/2006 - 2006/0196(COD)] - Committee on Transport and Tourism.
Rapporteur: Markus Ferber (A6-0246/2007)

The following spoke: Charlie McCreevy (Member of the Commission).

Markus Ferber introduced the report.

The following spoke: Pervenche Bers (draftsman of the opinion of the ECON
Committee), Stephen Hughes (draftsman of the opinion of the EMPL
Committee), Hannes Swoboda (draftsman of the opinion of the ITRE
Committee), Markus Pieper (draftsman of the opinion of the REGI Committee),
Marianne Thyssen, on behalf of the PPE-DE Group, Brian Simpson, on behalf
of the PSE Group, Luigi Cocilovo, on behalf of the ALDE Group, Roberts
Z?le, on behalf of the UEN Group, Eva Lichtenberger, on behalf of the
Verts/ALE Group, Francis Wurtz, on behalf of the GUE/NGL Group, Michael
Henry Nattrass, on behalf of the IND/DEM Group, Luca Romagnoli, on behalf
of the ITS Group, Alessandro Battilocchio, Non-attached Member, Mathieu
Grosch, Ins Ayala Sender, Dirk Sterckx, Sen  Neachtain, Pierre
Jonckheer, Erik Meijer, Johannes Blokland, Rodi Kratsa-Tsagaropoulou, Sad
El Khadraoui and Nathalie Griesbeck.

                         IN THE CHAIR: Grard ONESTA
                               Vice-President

The following spoke: Zbigniew Krzysztof Ku?miuk, Joost Lagendijk, Patrick
Louis, Corien Wortmann-Kool, Robert Navarro, Jeanine Hennis-Plasschaert,
Claude Turmes, Etelka Barsi-Pataky, Alain Hutchinson, Ona Juknevi?ien?,
Christine De Veyrac, Zita Gurmai, Olle Schmidt, Astrid Lulling, Emanuel
Jardim Fernandes, Reinhard Rack, Nicole Fontaine and Charlie McCreevy.

The debate closed.

Vote: Minutes of 11.07.2007, Item 7.10.
Reinhard Rack expressed disappointment at the Council's absence.


6. Financial services policy (2005-2010) - White Paper (debate)

Report on financial services policy (2005-2010) - White Paper
[2006/2270(INI)] - Committee on Economic and Monetary Affairs. Rapporteur:
Ieke van den Burg (A6-0248/2007)

Ieke van den Burg introduced the report.

The following spoke: Charlie McCreevy (Member of the Commission).

The following spoke: Jean-Paul Gauzs (draftsman of the opinion of the JURI
Committee), Othmar Karas, on behalf of the PPE-DE Group, Pervenche Bers,
on behalf of the PSE Group, Margarita Starkevi?i?t?, on behalf of the ALDE
Group, and Sahra Wagenknecht, on behalf of the GUE/NGL Group.

                       IN THE CHAIR: Luisa MORGANTINI
                               Vice-President

The following spoke: John Whittaker, on behalf of the IND/DEM Group, Petre
Popeang?, on behalf of the ITS Group, Gunnar Hkmark, Harald Ettl, Sharon
Bowles, Alexander Radwan, Antoln Snchez Presedo and Charlie McCreevy.

The debate closed.

Vote: Minutes of 11.07.2007, Item 7.12.

7. Modernising labour law to meet the challenges of the 21st century
(debate)

Report on modernising labour law to meet the challenges of the 21st century
[2007/2023(INI)] - Committee on Employment and Social Affairs. Rapporteur:
Jacek Protasiewicz (A6-0247/2007)

Jacek Protasiewicz introduced the report.

The following spoke:Vladimr ?pidla (Member of the Commission) spoke.

The following spoke: Donata Gottardi (draftsman of the opinion of the ECON
Committee), Mia De Vits (draftsman of the opinion of the IMCO Committee),
Kartika Tamara Liotard (draftsman of the opinion of the FEMM Committee),
Jos Albino Silva Peneda, on behalf of the PPE-DE Group, Ole Christensen,
on behalf of the PSE Group, Luigi Cocilovo, on behalf of the ALDE Group,
Jan Tadeusz Masiel, on behalf of the UEN Group, Elisabeth Schroedter, on
behalf of the Verts/ALE Group, Roberto Musacchio, on behalf of the GUE/NGL
Group, Derek Roland Clark, on behalf of the IND/DEM Group, and Roger
Helmer, Non-attached Member.

The debate was suspended at that point for voting time.
It would be resumed at 15.00 (see Item 13).

                         IN THE CHAIR: Diana WALLIS
                               Vice-President


8. Voting time

Details of voting (amendments, separate and split votes, etc.) appear in
the 'Results of votes' annex to the Minutes.

1 8.1. Election of a Vice-President of the European Parliament (vote)

The next item was the election of a Vice-President to fill the seat vacated
by Pierre Moscovici following his resignation with effect from 26.06.2007.

The President announced that the PSE Group had nominated Martine Roure.

As Martine Roure was the only candidate, the President proposed that the
House vote by acclamation, pursuant to Rule 12(1).

The House agreed to the proposal.

The House elected Martine Roure by acclamation.

The President proclaimed Martine Roure Vice-President of the European
Parliament and congratulated her on her election. Pursuant to Rule 17(1),
she would take the place of her predecessor in the order of precedence.


2 8.2. Request for consultation of the Committee of the Regions on the role
of volunteering in economic and social cohesion (Rule 118) (vote)

Request for consultation of the Committee of the Regions on the role of
volunteering in economic and social cohesion

(Simple majority)

(Voting record: 'Results of votes', Item 1)

Approved


3 8.3. EC-Algeria Euro-Mediterranean Agreement *** (Rule 131) (vote)

Recommendation on the proposal for a Council decision on the conclusion of
the Protocol to the Euro Mediterranean Agreement establishing an
Association between the European Community and its Member States, of the
one part, and the People's Democratic Republic of Algeria, of the other
part, to take account of the accession of the Czech Republic, the Republic
of Estonia, the Republic of Cyprus, the Republic of Hungary, the Republic
of Latvia, the Republic of Lithuania, the Republic of Malta, the Republic
of Poland, the Republic of Slovenia and the Slovak Republic to the European
Union [08937/2007 - COM(2006)0765 - C6-0153/2007 - 2006/0254(AVC)] -
Committee on Foreign Affairs. Rapporteur: Jacek Saryusz-Wolski (A6-
0274/2007)

(Simple majority)

(Voting record: 'Results of votes', Item 2)

DRAFT LEGISLATIVE RESOLUTION

Adopted by single vote (P6_TA(2007)0291)

Parliament thereby gave its assent.

4 8.4. EC-Moldova Partnership and Cooperation Agreement * (Rule 131) (vote)


Report on the proposal for a Council and Commission decision on the
conclusion of the Protocol to the Partnership and Cooperation Agreement
between the European Communities and their Member States, of the one part,
and the Republic of Moldova, of the other part , to take account of the
accession of the Republic of Bulgaria and Romania to the European Union
[COM(2007)0009 - C6-0103/2007 - 2007/0003(CNS)] - Committee on Foreign
Affairs. Rapporteur: Jacek Saryusz-Wolski (A6-0224/2007)

(Simple majority)

(Voting record: 'Results of votes', Item 3)

DRAFT LEGISLATIVE RESOLUTION

Adopted by single vote (P6_TA(2007)0292)


5 8.5. EC-Ukraine Partnership and Cooperation Agreement * (Rule 131) (vote)


Report on the proposal for a Council and Commission decision on the
conclusion of the Protocol to the Partnership and Cooperation Agreement
between the European Communities and their Member States, of the one part,
and Ukraine, of the other part, to take account of the accession of the
Republic of Bulgaria and Romania to the European Union [COM(2007)0007 - C6-
0102/2007 - 2007/0004(CNS)] - Committee on Foreign Affairs. Rapporteur:
Jacek Saryusz-Wolski (A6-0216/2007)

(Simple majority)

(Voting record: 'Results of votes', Item 4)

DRAFT LEGISLATIVE RESOLUTION

Adopted by single vote (P6_TA(2007)0293)


6 8.6. EC-Armenia Partnership and Cooperation Agreement * (Rule 131) (vote)


Report on the proposal for a Council and Commission decision on the
conclusion of the Protocol to the Partnership and Cooperation Agreement
between the European Communities and their Member States, of the one part,
and the Republic of Armenia, of the other part, to take account of the
accession of the Republic of Bulgaria and Romania to the European Union
[COM(2007)0113 - C6-0161/2007 - 2007/0041(CNS)] - Committee on Foreign
Affairs. Rapporteur: Jacek Saryusz-Wolski (A6-0254/2007)

(Simple majority)

(Voting record: 'Results of votes', Item 5)

DRAFT LEGISLATIVE RESOLUTION

Adopted by single vote (P6_TA(2007)0294)


7 8.7. EC-Azerbaijan Partnership and Cooperation Agreement * (Rule 131)
(vote)

Report on the proposal for a Council and Commission decision on the
conclusion of the Protocol to the Partnership and Cooperation Agreement
between the European Communities and their Member States, of the one part,
and the Republic of Azerbaijan, of the other part, to take account of the
accession of the Republic of Bulgaria and Romania to the European Union
[COM(2007)0114 - C6-0160/2007 - 2007/0040(CNS)] - Committee on Foreign
Affairs. Rapporteur: Jacek Saryusz-Wolski (A6-0255/2007)

(Simple majority)

(Voting record: 'Results of votes', Item 6)

DRAFT LEGISLATIVE RESOLUTION

Adopted by single vote (P6_TA(2007)0295)


8 8.8. EC-Georgia Partnership and Cooperation Agreement * (Rule 131) (vote)


Report on the proposal for a Council and Commission decision on the
conclusion of the Protocol to the Partnership and Cooperation Agreement
between the European Communities and their Member States, of the one part,
and Georgia, of the other part, to take account of the accession of the
Republic of Bulgaria and Romania to the European Union [COM(2007)0098 - C6-
0162/2007 - 2007/0046(CNS)] - Committee on Foreign Affairs. Rapporteur:
Jacek Saryusz-Wolski (A6-0256/2007)

(Simple majority)

(Voting record: 'Results of votes', Item 7)

DRAFT LEGISLATIVE RESOLUTION

Adopted by single vote (P6_TA(2007)0296)


9 8.9. Accession of Bulgaria and Romania to the Convention on the use of
information technology for customs purposes * (Rule 131) (vote)

Report on the recommendation for a Council decision concerning the
accession of Bulgaria and Romania to the Convention of 26 July 1995, drawn
up on the basis of Article K.3 of the Treaty on European Union, on the use
of information technology for customs purposes [COM(2007)0211 - C6-
0168/2007 - 2007/0079(CNS)] - Committee on Civil Liberties, Justice and
Home Affairs. Rapporteur: Jean-Marie Cavada (A6-0265/2007)

(Simple majority)

(Voting record: 'Results of votes', Item 8)

DRAFT LEGISLATIVE RESOLUTION

Adopted by single vote (P6_TA(2007)0297)


10 8.10. Direct insurance other than life assurance (implementing powers
conferred on the Commission) ***I (Rule 131) (vote)

Report on the proposal for a directive of the European Parliament and of
the Council amending Directive 92/49/EEC on the coordination of laws,
regulations and administrative provisions relating to direct insurance
other than life assurance, as regards the implementing powers conferred on
the Commission [COM(2006)0924 - C6-0009/2007 - 2006/0289(COD)] - Committee
on Economic and Monetary Affairs. Rapporteur: Pervenche Bers (A6-
0237/2007)

(Simple majority)

(Voting record: 'Results of votes', Item 9)

COMMISSION PROPOSAL, AMENDMENT and DRAFT LEGISLATIVE RESOLUTION

Pervenche Bers (rapporteur) made a statement pursuant to Rule 131(4) and
withdrew the first part of the amendment by the committee responsible.

Adopted by single vote (P6_TA(2007)0298)


11 8.11. Undertakings for collective investment in transferable securities
(implementing powers conferred on the Commission) ***I (Rule 131) (vote)

Report on the proposal for a directive of the European Parliament and of
the Council amending Council Directive 85/611/EEC on the coordination of
laws, regulations and administrative provisions relating to undertakings
for collective investment in transferable securities (UCITS), as regards
the implementing powers conferred on the Commission [COM(2006)0926 - C6-
0010/2007 - 2006/0293(COD)] - Committee on Economic and Monetary Affairs.
Rapporteur: Pervenche Bers (A6-0239/2007)

(Simple majority)

(Voting record: 'Results of votes', Item 10)

DRAFT LEGISLATIVE RESOLUTION

Adopted by single vote (P6_TA(2007)0299)


12 8.12. Reinsurance (implementing powers conferred on the Commission) ***I
(Rule 131) (vote)

Report on the proposal for a directive of the European Parliament and of
the Council amending Directive 2005/68/EC relating to reinsurance, as
regards the implementing powers conferred on the Commission [COM(2006)0905
- C6-0017/2007 - 2006/0280(COD)] - Committee on Economic and Monetary
Affairs. Rapporteur: Pervenche Bers (A6-0238/2007)

(Simple majority)

(Voting record: 'Results of votes', Item 11)

DRAFT LEGISLATIVE RESOLUTION

Pervenche Bers (rapporteur) made a statement pursuant to Rule 131(4) and
withdrew the amendment by the committee responsible.

Adopted by single vote (P6_TA(2007)0300)


13 8.13. A new statistical classification of products by activity (CPA)
***I (Rule 131) (vote)

Report on the proposal for a regulation of the European Parliament and of
the Council establishing a new statistical classification of products by
activity (CPA) and repealing Council Regulation (EEC) No 3696/93
[COM(2006)0655 - C6-0376/2006 - 2006/0218(COD)] - Committee on Economic and
Monetary Affairs. Rapporteur: Guntars Krasts (A6-0242/2007)

(Simple majority)

(Voting record: 'Results of votes', Item 12)

COMMISSION PROPOSAL, AMENDMENTS and DRAFT LEGISLATIVE RESOLUTION

Adopted by single vote (P6_TA(2007)0301)


14 8.14. Labour force sample survey ***I (Rule 131) (vote)

Report on the proposal for a regulation of the European Parliament and of
the Council amending Council Regulation (EC) No 577/98 on the organisation
of a labour force sample survey in the Community [COM(2006)0565 - C6-
0326/2006 - 2006/0180(COD)] - Committee on Employment and Social Affairs.
Rapporteur: Jan Andersson (A6-0181/2007)

(Simple majority)

(Voting record: 'Results of votes', Item 13)

COMMISSION PROPOSAL, AMENDMENTS and DRAFT LEGISLATIVE RESOLUTION

Jan Andersson (rapporteur) made a statement pursuant to Rule 131(4) and
stated that amendments 1 to 3 by the committee responsible had been
withdrawn.

Adopted by single vote (P6_TA(2007)0302)


15 8.15. Energy Star ***I (Rule 131) (vote)

Report on the proposal for a regulation of the European Parliament and of
the Council on a Community energy-efficiency labelling programme for office
equipment (recast) [COM(2006)0576 - C6-0329/2006 - 2006/0187(COD)] -
Committee on Industry, Research and Energy. Rapporteur: Nikolaos Vakalis
(A6-0234/2007)

(Simple majority)

(Voting record: 'Results of votes', Item 14)

COMMISSION PROPOSAL, AMENDMENTS and DRAFT LEGISLATIVE RESOLUTION

Nikolaos Vakalis (rapporteur) made a statement pursuant to Rule 131(4).

Adopted by single vote (P6_TA(2007)0303)


16 8.16. United Nations Convention on a Code of Conduct for Liner
Conferences (repeal of Council Regulation (EEC) No 954/79) ***I (Rule 131)
(vote)

Report on the proposal for a regulation of the European Parliament and of
the Council repealing Council Regulation (EEC) No 954/79 concerning the
ratification by Member States of, or their accession to, the United Nations
Convention on a Code of Conduct for Liner Conferences [COM(2006)0869 - C6-
0059/2007 - 2006/0308(COD)] - Committee on Economic and Monetary Affairs.
Rapporteur: Corien Wortmann-Kool (A6-0258/2007)

(Simple majority)

(Voting record: 'Results of votes', Item 15)

DRAFT LEGISLATIVE RESOLUTION

Adopted by single vote (P6_TA(2007)0304)


17 8.17. Fishing activities in the Antarctic * (Rule 131) (vote)

Report on the proposal for a Council regulation amending Council regulation
(EC) No 601/2004 of 22 March 2004 laying down certain control measures
applicable to fishing activities in the area covered by the Convention on
the conservation of Antarctic marine living resources and repealing
Regulations (EEC) No 3943/90, (EC) No 66/98 and (EC) No 1721/1999
[COM(2006)0867 - C6-0054/2007 - 2007/0001(CNS)] - Committee on Fisheries.
Rapporteur: Rosa Migulez Ramos (A6-0213/2007)

(Simple majority)

(Voting record: 'Results of votes', Item 16)

COMMISSION PROPOSAL, AMENDMENTS and DRAFT LEGISLATIVE RESOLUTION

Adopted by single vote (P6_TA(2007)0305)


18 8.18. Accession of Bulgaria and Romania to the Europol Convention* (Rule
131) (vote)

Report on the recommendation for a Council decision concerning the
accession of Bulgaria and Romania to the Convention of 26 July 1995, based
on Article K.3 of the Treaty on European Union, on the establishment of a
European Police Office (Europol Convention) [COM(2007)0215 - C6-0169/2007 -
2007/0076(CNS)] - Committee on Civil Liberties, Justice and Home Affairs.
Rapporteur: Genowefa Grabowska (A6-0260/2007)

(Simple majority)

(Voting record: 'Results of votes', Item 17)

DRAFT LEGISLATIVE RESOLUTION

Adopted by single vote (P6_TA(2007)0306)


19 8.19. Accession of Bulgaria and Romania to the Convention on mutual
assistance in criminal matters * (Rule 131) (vote)

Report on the recommendation for a Council decision concerning the
accession of Bulgaria and Romania to the Convention of 29 May 2000,
established by the Council in accordance with Article 34 of the Treaty on
European Union, on Mutual Assistance in Criminal Matters between the Member
States of the European Union [COM(2007)0213 - C6-0158/2007 -
2007/0080(CNS)] - Committee on Civil Liberties, Justice and Home Affairs.
Rapporteur: Genowefa Grabowska (A6-0261/2007)

(Simple majority)

(Voting record: 'Results of votes', Item 18)

DRAFT LEGISLATIVE RESOLUTION

Adopted by single vote (P6_TA(2007)0307)


20 8.20. Accession of Bulgaria and Romania to the Convention on driving
disqualifications * (Rule 131) (vote)

Report on the recommendation for a Council decision concerning the
accession of Bulgaria and Romania to the Convention of 17 June 1998, drawn
up on the basis of Article K.3 of the Treaty on European Union, on driving
disqualifications [COM(2007)0214 - C6-0155/2007 - 2007/0075(CNS)] -
Committee on Civil Liberties, Justice and Home Affairs. Rapporteur:
Genowefa Grabowska (A6-0269/2007)

(Simple majority)

(Voting record: 'Results of votes', Item 19)

DRAFT LEGISLATIVE RESOLUTION

Adopted by single vote (P6_TA(2007)0308)


21 8.21. Accession of Bulgaria and Romania to the Convention on the fight
against corruption involving officials of the European Communities or
officials of Member States of the European Union */***I (Rule 131) (vote)

Report on the recommendation for a Council decision concerning the
accession of Bulgaria and Romania to the Convention of 26 May 1997, drawn
up on the basis of Article K.3(2)(c) of the Treaty on European Union, on
the fight against corruption involving officials of the European
Communities or officials of Member States of the European Union
[COM(2007)0218 - C6-0156/2007 - 2007/0072(CNS)] - Committee on Civil
Liberties, Justice and Home Affairs. Rapporteur: Jrg Leichtfried (A6-
0272/2007)

(Simple majority)

(Voting record: 'Results of votes', Item 20)

DRAFT LEGISLATIVE RESOLUTION

Adopted by single vote (P6_TA(2007)0309)


22 8.22. Corrigenda (new Rule 204a of Parliament's Rules of Procedure)
(Rule 131) (vote)

Report on insertion of a new Rule 204a on Corrigenda in Parliament's Rules
of Procedure [2005/2041(REG)] - Committee on Constitutional Affairs.
Rapporteur: Richard Corbett (A6-0229/2007)

(Qualified majority)

(Voting record: 'Results of votes', Item 21)

PROPOSAL FOR A DECISION, AMENDMENT TO THE RULES OF PROCEDURE

Adopted by single vote (P6_TA(2007)0310)

The new rule would come into force on the first day of the next part-
session.


23 8.23. Application and interpretation of the Rules of Procedure
(amendment of Rule 201) (Rule 131) (vote)

Report on amendment of Rule 201 of Parliament's Rules of Procedure on
application and interpretation of the Rules of Procedure [2006/2192(REG)] -
Committee on Constitutional Affairs. Rapporteur: Richard Corbett (A6-
0230/2007)

(Qualified majority)

(Voting record: 'Results of votes', Item 22)

PROPOSAL FOR A DECISION, AMENDMENT TO THE RULES OF PROCEDURE

Adopted by single vote (P6_TA(2007)0311)

The new rule would come into force on the first day of the next part-
session.


24 8.24. Immunity and privileges of Alessandra Mussolini (Rule 131) (vote)

Report on the request for consultation on the immunity and privileges of
Alessandra Mussolini [2006/2301(IMM)] - Committee on Legal Affairs.
Rapporteur: Klaus-Heiner Lehne (A6-0251/2007)

(Simple majority)

(Voting record: 'Results of votes', Item 23)

PROPOSAL FOR A DECISION

Adopted by single vote (P6_TA(2007)0312)


25 8.25. Request for defence of the immunity of Ashley Mote (Rule 131)
(vote)

Report on the request for defence of the immunity and privileges of Ashley
Mote [2007/2122(IMM)] - Committee on Legal Affairs. Rapporteur: Francesco
Enrico Speroni (A6-0250/2007)

(Simple majority)

(Voting record: 'Results of votes', Item 24)

PROPOSAL FOR A DECISION

Adopted by single vote (P6_TA(2007)0313)


26 8.26. Draft amending budget No 4/2007 (Rule 131) (vote)

Report on draft amending budget No 4/2007 of the European Union for the
financial year 2007 Section III - Commission [10966/2007 - C6 0195/2007 -
2007/2072(BUD)] - Committee on Budgets. Rapporteur: James Elles (A6-
0268/2007)

(Qualified majority)

(Voting record: 'Results of votes', Item 25)

MOTION FOR A RESOLUTION

Adopted by single vote (P6_TA(2007)0314)


27 8.27. Translation expenditure (Rule 131) (vote)

Report on Special Report No 9/2006 of the European Court of Auditors
concerning translation expenditure incurred by the Commission, the
Parliament and the Council [2007/2077(INI)] - Committee on Budgetary
Control. Rapporteur: Alexander Stubb (A6-0215/2007)

(Simple majority)

(Voting record: 'Results of votes', Item 26)

MOTION FOR A RESOLUTION

Adopted by single vote (P6_TA(2007)0315)


28 8.28. Minimising administrative costs imposed by legislation (Rule 131)
(vote)

Report on minimising administrative costs imposed by legislation
[2005/2140(INI)] - Committee on Budgetary Control. Rapporteur: Jan Mulder
(A6-0275/2007)

(Simple majority)

(Voting record: 'Results of votes', Item 27)

MOTION FOR A RESOLUTION

Adopted by single vote (P6_TA(2007)0316)


29 8.29. Law applicable to non-contractual obligations ('Rome II') ***III
(vote)

Report on on the joint text approved by the Conciliation Committee for a
regulation of the European Parliament and of the Council on the law
applicable to non-contractual obligations ('Rome II') - [PE-CONS 3619/2007
- C6-0142/2007 - 2003/0168(COD)] - Parliament's delegation to the
Conciliation Committee - Rapporteur: Diana Wallis (A6-0257/2007)

(Simple majority for approval)

(Voting record: 'Results of votes', Item 28)

DRAFT LEGISLATIVE RESOLUTION

Adopted (P6_TA(2007)0317)


30 8.30. Community action programme in the field of health (2007-2013)
***II (vote)

Recommendation for second reading on the Council common position for
adopting a decision of the European Parliament and of the Council
establishing a second programme of Community action in the field of health
(2007-2013) [16369/2/2006 - C6-0100/2007 - 2005/0042(COD)] - Committee on
the Environment, Public Health and Food Safety. Rapporteur: Antonios
Trakatellis (A6-0184/2007)

(Qualified majority)

(Voting record: 'Results of votes', Item 29)

COMMON POSITION OF THE COUNCIL

Declared approved as amended (P6_TA(2007)0318)


31 8.31. Measuring devices containing mercury ***II (vote)

Recommendation for second reading on the Council common position for
adopting a directive of the European Parliament and of the Council amending
Council Directive 76/769/EEC relating to restrictions on the marketing of
certain measuring devices containing mercury [05665/1/2007 - C6-0114/2007 -
2006/0018(COD)] - Committee on the Environment, Public Health and Food
Safety. Rapporteur: Mara Sornosa Martnez (A6-0218/2007)

(Qualified majority)

(Voting record: 'Results of votes', Item 30)

COMMON POSITION OF THE COUNCIL

Declared approved (P6_TA(2007)0319)


32 8.32. Common authorisation procedure for food additives ***I (vote)

Report on the proposal for a regulation of the European Parliament and of
the Council establishing a common authorisation procedure for food
additives, food enzymes and food flavourings [COM(2006)0423 - C6-0258/2006
- 2006/0143(COD)] - Committee on the Environment, Public Health and Food
Safety. Rapporteur: sa Westlund (A6-0153/2007)

(Simple majority)

(Voting record: 'Results of votes', Item 31)

COMMISSION PROPOSAL

Approved as amended (P6_TA(2007)0320)

DRAFT LEGISLATIVE RESOLUTION

Adopted (P6_TA(2007)0320)

The following spoke on the vote:
- Hartmut Nassauer, before the vote, on the PPE-DE Group voting list.


33 8.33. Food additives ***I (vote)


Report on the proposal for a regulation of the European Parliament and of
the Council on food additives [COM(2006)0428 - C6-0260/2006 -
2006/0145(COD)] - Committee on the Environment, Public Health and Food
Safety. Rapporteur: sa Westlund (A6-0154/2007)

(Simple majority)

(Voting record: 'Results of votes', Item 32)

COMMISSION PROPOSAL

Approved as amended (P6_TA(2007)0321)

DRAFT LEGISLATIVE RESOLUTION

Adopted (P6_TA(2007)0321)


34 8.34. Food enzymes ***I (vote)


Report on the proposal for a regulation of the European Parliament and of
the Council on food enzymes and amending Council Directive 83/417/EEC,
Council Regulation (EC) No 1493/1999, Directive 2000/13/EC, and Council
Directive 2001/112/EC [COM(2006)0425 - C6-0257/2006 - 2006/0144(COD)] -
Committee on the Environment, Public Health and Food Safety. Rapporteur:
Avril Doyle (A6-0177/2007)

(Simple majority)

(Voting record: 'Results of votes', Item 33)

COMMISSION PROPOSAL

Approved as amended (P6_TA(2007)0322)

DRAFT LEGISLATIVE RESOLUTION

Adopted (P6_TA(2007)0322)


35 8.35. Flavourings and food ingredients with flavouring properties for
use in and on foods ***I (vote)


Report on the proposal for a regulation of the European Parliament and of
the Council on flavourings and certain food ingredients with flavouring
properties for use in and on foods and amending Council Regulation (EEC) No
1576/89, Council Regulation (EEC) No 1601/91, Regulation (EC) No 2232/96
and Directive 2000/13/EC [COM(2006)0427 - C6-0259/2006 - 2006/0147(COD)] -
Committee on the Environment, Public Health and Food Safety. Rapporteur:
Mojca Dr?ar Murko (A6-0185/2007)

(Simple majority)

(Voting record: 'Results of votes', Item 34)

COMMISSION PROPOSAL

Approved as amended (P6_TA(2007)0323)

DRAFT LEGISLATIVE RESOLUTION

Adopted (P6_TA(2007)0323)


36 8.36. Rates of excise duty on alcohol and alcoholic beverages * (final
vote)


Report on the proposal for a Council directive amending Directive 92/84/EEC
on the approximation of the rates of excise duty on alcohol and alcoholic
beverages [COM(2006)0486 - C6-0319/2006 - 2006/0165(CNS)] - Committee on
Economic and Monetary Affairs. Rapporteur: Astrid Lulling (A6-0148/2007)

The debate had been held on 22.05.2007 (Minutes of 22.05.2007, Item 20).

At its sitting of 23 May 2007, Parliament had rejected the proposal for a
directive (Minutes of 23.05.2007, Item 54)

(Simple majority)

(Voting record: 'Results of votes', Item 35)

COMMISSION PROPOSAL

The following spoke: Astrid Lulling (rapporteur), who recommended that the
amendments of the committee responsible and its report be rejected, and
Pervenche Bers (chairwoman of the ECON Committee), on Mrs Lulling's
remarks.

Rejected

DRAFT LEGISLATIVE RESOLUTION

Rejected

(A legislative resolution confirming the rejection of the Commission
proposal is included in the Texts adopted (P6_TA(2007)0324).)


37 8.37. European Critical Infrastructure * (vote)


Report on the proposal for a Council directive on the identification and
designation of European Critical Infrastructure and the assessment of the
need to improve their protection [COM(2006)0787 - C6-0053/2007 -
2006/0276(CNS)] - Committee on Civil Liberties, Justice and Home Affairs.
Rapporteur: Jeanine Hennis-Plasschaert (A6-0270/2007)

(Simple majority)

(Voting record: 'Results of votes', Item 36)

COMMISSION PROPOSAL

Approved as amended (P6_TA(2007)0325)

DRAFT LEGISLATIVE RESOLUTION

Adopted (P6_TA(2007)0325)


38 8.38. Internal gas and electricity market (vote)


Report on prospects for the internal gas and electricity market
[2007/2089(INI)] - Committee on Industry, Research and Energy. Rapporteur:
Alejo Vidal-Quadras (A6-0249/2007)

(Simple majority)

(Voting record: 'Results of votes', Item 37)

MOTION FOR A RESOLUTION

Adopted (P6_TA(2007)0326)

The following spoke on the vote:
- Alejo Vidal-Quadras (rapporteur), who moved an oral amendment to
amendment 2, which was incorporated.


39 8.39. Production of fishmeal and fish oil (vote)

Report on industrial fisheries and the production of fishmeal and fish oil
[2004/2262(INI)] - Committee on Fisheries. Rapporteur: Struan Stevenson (A6-
0155/2005)

(Simple majority)

(Voting record: 'Results of votes', Item 38)

MOTION FOR A RESOLUTION

Adopted (P6_TA(2007)0327)

                                      
                                      

sa Westlund said that she had twice requested, unsuccessfully, an
electronic check during the voting on her reports (A6-0153/2007 and  A6-
0154/2007). (The President noted this.)


9. Convening of the Intergovernmental Conference: opinion of the European
Parliament (deadline for tabling amendments)

The President announced that the deadline for tabling amendments to the
report by Jo Leinen on the convening of the Intergovernmental Conference
(A6-0279/2007) (Item 46 on the agenda) had been put back to Tuesday,
