12. Crisis in the fisheries sector (debate)

Oral question (O-0063/2008) by Philippe Morillon, on behalf of the PECH
Committee, to the Council: The crisis in the fisheries sector caused by
rising fuel oil prices (B6-0162/2008)

Oral question (O-0064/2008) by Philippe Morillon, on behalf of the PECH
Committee, to the Commission: The crisis in the fisheries sector caused by
rising fuel oil prices (B6-0163/2008)

Philippe Morillon moved the oral questions.

                         IN THE CHAIR: Marek SIWIEC
                               Vice-President

Janez Lenar?i? (President-in-Office of the Council) answered the question
(B6-0162/2008).

Joe Borg (Member of the Commission) answered the question (B6-0163/2008).

The following spoke: Carmen Fraga Estvez, on behalf of the PPE-DE Group,
Rosa Migulez Ramos, on behalf of the PSE Group, Elspeth Attwooll, on
behalf of the ALDE Group, Marie-Hlne Aubert, on behalf of the Verts/ALE
Group, Pedro Guerreiro, on behalf of the GUE/NGL Group, Jeffrey Titford, on
behalf of the IND/DEM Group, Struan Stevenson, Paulo Casaca, Jacky Hnin,
Ioannis Gklavakis, Stavros Arnaoutakis, Cornelis Visser, Avril Doyle and
Daniel Varela Suanzes-Carpegna.

The following spoke under the 'catch-the-eye' procedure: Duarte Freitas,
Chris Davies, Sen  Neachtain, Jim Allister, Czes?aw Adam Siekierski, Colm
Burke and Jos Ribeiro e Castro.

The following spoke: Janez Lenar?i? and Joe Borg.

Motions for a resolution to wind up the debate tabled pursuant to Rule
108(5):
- Carmen Fraga Estvez, on behalf of the PPE-DE Group, on the crisis in the
fisheries sector following the rise in the price of diesel fuel (B6-
0305/2008),

- Pedro Guerreiro, Jacky Hnin, Willy Meyer Pleite and Marco Rizzo, on
behalf of the GUE/NGL Group, on the worsening socio-economic crisis in the
fisheries sector in the wake of rising fuel (petrol and diesel) prices (B6-
0308/2008),

- Elspeth Attwooll and Philippe Morillon, on behalf of the ALDE Group, on
the crisis in the fisheries sector caused by rising fuel oil prices (B6-
0310/2008),

- Heinz Kindermann, on behalf of the PSE Group, on the crisis in the
fisheries sector caused by rising fuel oil prices (B6-0311/2008),

- Sen  Neachtain, on behalf of the UEN Group, on the crisis in the
fisheries sector due to the rising fuel prices (B6-0312/2008),

- Marie-Hlne Aubert and Carl Schlyter, on behalf of the Verts/ALE Group,
on the crisis in the fisheries sector caused by rising fuel oil prices (B6-
0313/2008).

The debate closed.

Vote: minutes of 19.06.2008, item 5.4.

