15. Order of business

The next item was the order of business.
The final draft agenda for the March I 2009 sittings (PE 420.647/PDOJ) had
been distributed and a number of changes had been proposed (Rule 132):

Monday

Request from the PSE Group to add the report by Magda Ksn Kovcs on the
social situation of the Roma and their improved access to the labour market
in the EU (A6-0038/2009) (item 12 on the final draft agenda) to voting time
the next day (Tuesday).

Request from the PPE-DE Group to add the report by Herbert Reul on possible
solutions to the challenges in relation to oil supply (A6-0035/2009) (item
73 on the final draft agenda) to voting time the next day (Tuesday).

The President said that the deadline for tabling replacement joint motions
for resolution had been set at 19.00 that evening and that it was therefore
not technically possible to put those reports to the vote the next day. He
proposed that the vote on the two reports be held on Wednesday, 11 March
2009.

The following spoke: Hannes Swoboda, on behalf of the PSE Group.

Parliament agreed to the President's proposal.



Tuesday

Request from the Verts/ALE Group to add to the agenda a statement from the
Commission on MON810 genetically modified maize and to wind up the debate
with the tabling of a motion for a resolution.

The following spoke: Daniel Cohn-Bendit, on behalf of the Verts/ALE Group,
who moved the request, Martin Schulz, on behalf of the PSE Group,
Christofer Fjellner, on behalf of the PPE-DE Group, and Martin Schulz.

Parliament rejected the request by roll-call vote (38 in favour, 111
against, 39 abstentions).

The President then consulted the House on the placing on the agenda of a
statement by the Commission on MON810 genetically modified maize, without
the debate being wound up with the tabling of a motion for a resolution.

Parliament rejected the request by electronic vote (82 in favour, 102
against, 6 abstentions).

Request from the PSE Group to extend the afternoon debates to 18.30, and
hence for Question Time to the Commission to be held from 18.30 to 20.00.

Parliament agreed to the request.



Wednesday

The President said that 113 amendments had been tabled on the report by
Elisa Ferreira on the European Economic Recovery Plan (A6-0063/2009) (item
35 of the final draft agenda). He noted that the threshold of 50 amendments
laid down in Rule 156 had been exceeded, and consequently asked the
relevant committee to meet to consider them. The debate on that report
would be held on Wednesday, as scheduled.

Request from the PPE-DE Group to bring forward to 15.00 the debate on the
Oral Questions to the Council (O-0005/2009) and to the Commission (O-
0006/2009) on the state of play of SIS II (item 80 on the final draft
agenda).

Since all the political groups supported that request, the agenda was
amended accordingly.



Thursday

Request from the Verts/ALE Group ALDE Group to wind up the debate on the
Oral Question to the Commission on the 50th anniversary of the Tibetan
uprising and the dialogue between the Dalai Lama and the Chinese Government
(O-0012/2009) with the tabling of a motion for a resolution.

The following spoke: Monica Frassoni, on behalf of the Verts/ALE Group,
Marco Cappato, on behalf of the ALDE Group, and Nirj Deva.

Parliament agreed to the request.

The tabling deadlines were established as follows:
motions for resolution: Tuesday, 10 March 2009 at 10.00

amendments and joint motions for resolutions: Wednesday, 11 March 2009 at
10.00.

Debate on cases of breaches of human rights, democracy and the rule of law
(Rule 115):

Request from the PSE Group to replace the item 'Support for the Special
Court for Sierra Leone' (item 89 on the final draft agenda) with the item
'Expulsions of aid agencies from Darfur'.

The following spoke: Hannes Swoboda, on behalf of the PSE Group, who moved
the request.

Parliament agreed to the request.

                                      
                                      

The order of business was thus established.


