15. 16th session of the United Nations Human Rights Council (Geneva, 28
February to 25 March 2011) (debate)

Statement by the Vice-President of the Commission and High Representative
of the Union for Foreign Affairs and Security Policy: 16th session of the
United Nations Human Rights Council (Geneva, 28 February to 25 March 2011)

Catherine Ashton (Vice-President of the Commission and High Representative
of the Union for Foreign Affairs and Security Policy) made the statement.

The following spoke: Laima Liucija Andrikien?, on behalf of the PPE Group,
Richard Howitt, on behalf of the S&D Group, Marietje Schaake, on behalf of
the ALDE Group, Heidi Hautala, on behalf of the Verts/ALE Group, Willy
Meyer, on behalf of the GUE/NGL Group, Nikolaos Salavrakos, on behalf of
the EFD Group, Inese Vaidere, Jrg Leichtfried, Charles Goerens, Marek
Henryk Migalski, Gay Mitchell, who also replied to two blue-card questions
from Vronique De Keyser and Annemie Neyts-Uyttebroeck, Maria Eleni Koppa,
Sari Essayah, Raimon Obiols and Salvatore Iacolino.

The following spoke under the 'catch-the-eye' procedure: Norica Nicolai,
Charles Tannock, Struan Stevenson, Diane Dodds and Jos Ignacio Salafranca
Snchez-Neyra.

The following spoke: Catherine Ashton.

The following spoke: Jos Ignacio Salafranca Snchez-Neyra, to put a
supplementary question to Catherine Ashton, who replied to it.

Motions for resolutions to wind up the debate tabled under Rule 110(2):
- Marietje Schaake, Leonidas Donskis and Marielle De Sarnez, on behalf of
the ALDE Group, on Parliament's position on/priorities for the 16th Session
of the UN Human Rights Council and the 2011 review (B7-0158/2011);

- Richard Howitt, Vronique De Keyser, Jrg Leichtfried, Maria Eleni Koppa
and Raimon Obiols, on behalf of the S&D Group, on Parliament's position on
and priorities for the 16th Session of the UN Human Rights Council and the
2011 review (B7-0160/2011);

- Charles Tannock and Tomasz Piotr Por?ba, on behalf of the ECR Group, on
the priorities of the 16th Session of the UN Human Rights Council and the
2011 review (B7-0161/2011);

- Heidi Hautala, Barbara Lochbihler, Nicole Kiil-Nielsen and Ral Romeva i
Rueda, on behalf of the Verts/ALE Group, on Parliament's position on and
priorities for the 16th Session of the UN Human Rights Council and the 2011
review (B7-0162/2011);

- Laima Liucija Andrikien?, Inese Vaidere, Lszl T?ks, Mario Mauro,
Marietta Giannakou, Jos Ignacio Salafranca Snchez-Neyra, Gabriele
Albertini and Kinga Gl, on behalf of the PPE Group, on Parliament's
position on and priorities for the 16th Session of the UN Human Rights
Council and the 2011 review (B7-0163/2011);

- Marie-Christine Vergiat, Eva-Britt Svensson, Miguel Portas, Rui Tavares,
Marisa Matias, Willy Meyer and Elie Hoarau, on behalf of the GUE/NGL Group,
on the 16th session of the UN Human Rights Council (Geneva, 28 February to
25 March 2011) (B7-0164/2011).

The debate closed.

Vote: minutes of 10.3.2011, item 9.4.

                         IN THE CHAIR: Libor ROU?EK
                               Vice-President


