12. Common rules and standards for ship inspection and survey organisations
and for the relevant activities of maritime administrations (recast) ***III
- Common rules and standards for ship inspection and survey organisations
(recast) ***III - Port State control (recast) ***III - Community vessel
traffic monitoring and information system ***III - Investigation of
accidents in the maritime transport sector ***III - The liability of
carriers of passengers by sea in the event of accidents ***III - Civil
liability and financial guarantees of shipowners ***II - Compliance with
flag State requirements ***II (debate)

Report: on the joint text approved by the Conciliation Committee for a
directive of the European Parliament and of the Council on common rules and
standards for ship inspection and survey organisations and for the relevant
activities of maritime administrations (recast) [PE-CONS 3719/2008 - C6-
0042/2009 - 2005/0237A(COD)] - Parliament's delegation to the Conciliation
Committee - Rapporteur: Luis de Grandes Pascual (A6-0097/2009)

Report: on the joint text approved by the Conciliation Committee for a
regulation of the European Parliament and of the Council on common rules
and standards for ship inspection and survey organisations (recast) [PE-
CONS 3720/2008 - C6-0043/2009 - 2005/0237B(COD)] - Parliament's delegation
to the Conciliation Committee - Rapporteur: Luis de Grandes Pascual (A6-
0098/2009)

Report: on the joint text approved by the Conciliation Committee for a
directive of the European Parliament and of the Council on port State
control (recast) [PE-CONS 3721/2008 - C6-0044/2009 - 2005/0238(COD)] -
Parliament's delegation to the Conciliation Committee -  Rapporteur:
Dominique Vlasto (A6-0099/2009)

Report: on the joint text approved by the Conciliation Committee for a
directive of the European Parliament and of the Council amending Directive
2002/59/EC establishing a Community vessel traffic monitoring and
information system [PE-CONS 3722/2008 - C6-0045/2009 - 2005/0239(COD)] -
Parliament's delegation to the Conciliation Committee -  Rapporteur: Dirk
Sterckx (A6-0100/2009)

Report: on the joint text approved by the Conciliation Committee for a
directive of the European Parliament and of the Council establishing the
fundamental principles governing the investigation of accidents in the
maritime transport sector and amending Directives 1999/35/EC and 2002/59/EC
[PE-CONS 3723/2008 - C6-0046/2009 - 2005/0240(COD)] - Parliament's
delegation to the Conciliation Committee - Rapporteur: Jaromr Kohl?ek (A6-
0101/2009)

Report: on the joint text approved by the Conciliation Committee for a
regulation of the European Parliament and of the Council on the liability
of carriers of passengers by sea in the event of accidents [PE-CONS
3724/2008 - C6-0047/2009 - 2005/0241(COD)] - Parliament's delegation to the
Conciliation Committee - Rapporteur: Paolo Costa (A6-0102/2009)

Recommendation for second reading: on the Council common position for
adopting a directive of the European Parliament and of the Council on the
insurance of shipowners for maritime claims [14287/2/2008 - C6-0483/2008 -
2005/0242(COD)] - Committee on Transport and Tourism. Rapporteur: Gilles
Savary (A6-0072/2009)

Recommendation for second reading: on the Council common position for
adopting a directive of the European Parliament and of the Council on
compliance with flag State requirements [14288/2/2008 - C6-0484/2008 -
2005/0236(COD)] - Committee on Transport and Tourism. Rapporteur: Emanuel
Jardim Fernandes (A6-0069/2009)

Luis de Grandes Pascual, Dominique Vlasto, Dirk Sterckx, Jaromr Kohl?ek
and Paolo Costa introduced the reports.

Gilles Savary and Emanuel Jardim Fernandes introduced the recommendations
for second reading.

The following spoke: Antonio Tajani (Vice-President of the Commission).

The following spoke: Georg Jarzembowski, on behalf of the PPE-DE Group,
Rosa Migulez Ramos, on behalf of the PSE Group, Anne E. Jensen, on behalf
of the ALDE Group, Mogens Camre, on behalf of the UEN Group, Michael
Cramer, on behalf of the Verts/ALE Group, Jacky Hnin, on behalf of the
GUE/NGL Group, Derek Roland Clark, on behalf of the IND/DEM Group, Fernand
Le Rachinel, Non-attached Member, Ioannis Kasoulides and Michel Teychenn.

                IN THE CHAIR: Miguel Angel MARTNEZ MARTNEZ
                               Vice-President

The following spoke: Josu Ortuondo Larrea, Georgios Toussas, Luca
Romagnoli, Corien Wortmann-Kool, Marusya Ivanova Lyubcheva and Marian-Jean
Marinescu.

The following spoke under the 'catch-the-eye' procedure: Jim Higgins,
Silvia-Adriana ?ic?u, Marie Anne Isler Bguin, Avril Doyle and Brian
Simpson.

The following spoke: Antonio Tajani, Luis de Grandes Pascual, Dominique
Vlasto, Dirk Sterckx, Jaromr Kohl?ek, Paolo Costa, Gilles Savary and
Emanuel Jardim Fernandes.

The following spoke: Georg Jarzembowski and Ins Ayala Sender.

The debate closed.

Vote: minutes of 11.03.2009, item 5.5, minutes of 11.03.2009, item 5.6,
minutes of 11.03.2009, item 5.7, minutes of 11.03.2009, item 5.8, minutes
of 11.03.2009, item 5.9, minutes of 11.03.2009, item 5.10, minutes of
11.03.2009, item 5.11 and minutes of 11.03.2009, item 5.12.

