18. Impact of aviation security measures and body scanners on human rights,
privacy, personal dignity and data protection (debate)

Oral question (O-0107/2008) by Philip Bradbourn and Marco Cappato, on
behalf of the LIBE Committee, to the Commission: Impact of aviation
security measures and of body scanners on human rights, privacy, data
protection and personal dignity (B6-0478/2008)

Philip Bradbourn moved the oral question.

Antonio Tajani (Vice-President of the Commission) answered the oral
question.

The following spoke: Luis de Grandes Pascual, on behalf of the PPE-DE
Group, Claudio Fava, on behalf of the PSE Group, Marco Cappato, on behalf
of the ALDE Group, Eva Lichtenberger, on behalf of the Verts/ALE Group,
Giusto Catania, on behalf of the GUE/NGL Group, Sad El Khadraoui, Ignasi
Guardans Camb, Willy Meyer Pleite, Javier Moreno Snchez and Adina-Ioana
V?lean.

The following spoke under the 'catch-the-eye' procedure: Ins Ayala Sender,
Colm Burke, Silvia-Adriana ?ic?u and Erik Meijer.

The following spoke: Antonio Tajani.

Motion for a resolution to wind up the debate tabled pursuant to Rule
108(5):
- Philip Bradbourn, Manfred Weber, on behalf of the PPE-DE Group, Claudio
Fava, Martine Roure, on behalf of the PSE Group, Marco Cappato, Jeanine
Hennis-Plasschaert, Ignasi Guardans Camb, Sarah Ludford, on behalf of the
ALDE Group, Kathalijne Maria Buitenweg, Eva Lichtenberger, on behalf of the
Verts/ALE Group, Roberta Angelilli, on behalf of the UEN Group, Sren Bo
Sndergaard, Giusto Catania, Mary Lou McDonald, Adamos Adamou, Marco Rizzo,
Willy Meyer Pleite, Bairbre de Brn, on behalf of the GUE/NGL Group, on the
impact of aviation security measures and body scanners on human rights,
privacy, personal dignity and data protection (B6-0562/2008).

The debate closed.

Vote: minutes of 23.10.2008, item 8.5.

