5. Support for strengthening the European Union ban on shark finning -
Increased European Union support for grassroots sports - An EU homelessness
strategy (Written declarations)

Support for strengthening the European Union ban on shark finning

Written declaration 0071/2010 submitted by Jean-Paul Besset, Chris Davies,
Sirpa Pietikinen and Daciana Octavia Srbu on support for strengthening
the European Union ban on shark finning had, by 16 December 2010, been
signed by the majority of Parliament's component Members. Consequently, in
accordance with Rule 123(3) and (4), it would be forwarded to its
addressees and published in the Texts Adopted of that sitting
(P7_TA(2010)0497), together with the names of the signatories (see Annex
1).

Increased European Union support for grassroots sports

Written declaration 0062/2010 submitted by Joanna Senyszyn, Ivo Belet, Mary
Honeyball, Sen Kelly and Hannu Takkula on increased European Union support
for grassroots sports had, by 16 December 2010, been signed by the majority
of Parliament's component Members. Consequently, in accordance with Rule
123(3) and (4), it would be forwarded to its addressees and published in
the Texts Adopted of that sitting (P7_TA(2010)0498), together with the
names of the signatories (see Annex 2).

An EU homelessness strategy

Written declaration 0061/2010 submitted by Britta Thomsen, Elizabeth Lynne,
Ilda Figueiredo, Karima Delli and Jacek Protasiewicz on an EU homelessness
strategy had, by 16 December 2010, been signed by the majority of
Parliament's component Members. Consequently, in accordance with Rule
123(3) and (4), it would be forwarded to its addressees and published in
the Texts Adopted of that sitting (P7_TA(2010)0499), together with the
names of the signatories (see Annex 3).

The following spoke: Sen Kelly, Karima Delli and Jean-Paul Besset, on
declarations 0062/2010, 0061/2010 and 0071/2010 respectively.


