1 6.1. Draft general budget 2008 as modified by the Council (all sections)
(vote)

Draft amendments to the general budget, as modified by the Council.

(Qualified majority)

(Voting record: 'Results of votes', Item 1)

The following spoke: Kysti Virrankoski (general rapporteur on the budget),
who tabled the following technical modifications:

'1. In heading 1a, commitment appropriations are adjusted as follows:

Amendment 335:

06 02 09 01: EUR 7 460 000

06 02 09 02: EUR 3 100 000

08 07 01: EUR 348 922 000

Amendment 331:

02 02 01: EUR 126 300 000

Amendment 69:

06 03 03: EUR 955 852 600

2. In heading 1b, in order to meet the overall level of payments agreed at
the conciliation, payment appropriations are modified on lines:

Amendment 27:

04 02 17: EUR 3 823 198 181

Amendment 140:

13 03 16: EUR 10 606 637 496

Amendment 141:

13 03 18: EUR 2 540 832 078

3. A number of technical/nomenclature changes will be made, mainly as
regards pilot projects and preparatory actions. These changes have been
presented to the President of Parliament. These modifications do not change
any figures, nor do they change any multiannual financial framework
classifications.'

Parliament approved these technical modifications.

Amendments adopted can be found in the 'Texts adopted' annex.

After having welcomed the opening of the summit in Lisbon on that day,
Emanuel Santos (President-in-Office of the Council) made the following
statement:

'Today you have carried out the second reading of the 2007 budget, the last
stage in a long process of negotiations that have now come to a successful
conclusion. I am pleased to see that the agreement reached by our two
institutions at the consultation meeting of 23 November has been taken into
account in its entirety and that all the proposals we made on that date
have been included in the 2008 draft budget.

In line with the procedure, I announce that the Council can accept the
maximum rate of increase resulting from the vote that has just taken place
at second reading. A number of minor modifications still need to be made
regarding classification of expenditure, however, and the Council reserves
its right to do so.'

The President made the following statement:

'I note that the budgetary procedure went ahead in accordance with the
Treaty and the Interinstitutional Agreement of 17 May 2006, and that,
pursuant to Article 13 of that Agreement, the Council and Parliament have
established that they agree on the maximum rate of increase for non-
compulsory expenditure resulting from Parliament's second reading. The
budgetary procedure can thus be deemed closed and the budget is declared
definitively adopted'.

The President stated that the budget for the 2008 financial year would be
signed officially at the plenary sitting in Brussels on 18.12.07.


