13.12.2006 at 10.00.


8. Financing instrument for development cooperation ***II - A financing
instrument for cooperation with industrialised and other high-income
countries and territories * (debate)

Recommendation for second reading on the Council common position for
adopting a regulation of the European Parliament and of the Council
establishing a financing instrument for development cooperation
[11944/2/2006 - C6-0357/2006 - 2004/0220(COD)] - Committee on Development.
Rapporteur: Gay Mitchell (A6-0448/2006)

Report on the draft Council Regulation establishing a financing instrument
for cooperation with industrialised and other high-income countries and
territories [11877/2006 - C6-0265/2006 - 2006/0807(CNS)] - Committee on
International Trade. Rapporteur: David Martin (A6-0430/2006)

Gay Mitchell introduced the recommendation for second reading.

David Martin introduced the report.

Benita Ferrero-Waldner (Member of the Commission) spoke.

The following spoke: Syed Kamall, on behalf of the PPE-DE Group, Margrietus
van den Berg, on behalf of the PSE Group, Danut? Budreikait?, on behalf of
the ALDE Group, Gabriele Zimmer, on behalf of the GUE/NGL Group, Konrad
Szyma?ski, on behalf of the UEN Group, Hlne Goudin, on behalf of the
IND/DEM Group, Irena Belohorsk, Non-attached Member, Maria Martens, Miguel
Angel Martnez Martnez, Thierry Cornillet, Witold Tomczak, Andreas Mlzer,
Nirj Deva, Marie-Arlette Carlotti, Toomas Savi and Georgios Papastamkos.

                    IN THE CHAIR: Sylvia-Yvonne KAUFMANN
                               Vice-President

The following spoke: Erika Mann, Jana Hyb?kov, Proinsias De Rossa, Justas
Vincas Paleckis, Eoin Ryan and Benita Ferrero-Waldner.

The debate closed.

Vote: Minutes of 12.12.2006, Item 14.14 and Minutes of 12.12.2006, Item
14.20.

9. Protection of groundwater against pollution and deterioration ***III
(debate)

Report on the joint text approved by the Conciliation Committee for a
directive of the European Parliament and of the Council on the protection
of groundwater against pollution and deterioration (PE-CONS 03658/2006 - C6-
0382/2006 -  2003/0210(COD) - Parliament's delegation to the Conciliation
Committee - Rapporteur: Christa Kla (A6-0446/2006)

Christa Kla introduced the report.

Stavros Dimas (Member of the Commission) spoke.

The following spoke: Pter Olajos, on behalf of the PPE-DE Group, Mara
Sornosa Martnez, on behalf of the PSE Group, Marios Matsakis, on behalf of
the ALDE Group, Hiltrud Breyer, on behalf of the Verts/ALE Group, Leopold
Jzef Rutowicz, on behalf of the UEN Group, Johannes Blokland, on behalf of
the IND/DEM Group, Jim Allister, Non-attached Member, Richard Seeber, Karin
Scheele, Anne Laperrouze, Carl Schlyter, Kathy Sinnott and Proinsias De
Rossa.

The debate closed.

Vote: Minutes of 12.12.2006, Item 14.13.
         (The sitting was suspended at 11.00 and resumed at 11.30.)

                    IN THE CHAIR: Josep BORRELL FONTELLES
                                  President


10. Welcome

On behalf of Parliament, the President welcomed members of a delegation
from the Afghan Parliament - led by His Excellency Muhammad Yunus Qanoni,
Speaker of the National Assembly of Afghanistan - who had taken their seats
in the distinguished visitors' gallery.


11. Voting time

Details of voting (amendments, separate and split votes, etc.) appear in
the 'Results of votes' annex to the Minutes.

1 11.1. Appointment of the Bulgarian Commissioner (vote)

DRAFT DECISION B6-0644/2006

(Simple majority)

(Voting record: 'Results of votes', Item 1)

The following spoke on the appointment of the Bulgarian and Romanian
Commissioners: Jos Manuel Barroso (President of the Commission), Hans-Gert
Poettering, on behalf of the PPE-DE Group, Martin Schulz, on behalf of the
PSE Group, Graham Watson, on behalf of the ALDE Group, Monica Frassoni, on
behalf of the Verts/ALE Group, Francis Wurtz, on behalf of the GUE/NGL
Group, Brian Crowley, on behalf of the UEN Group, Jeffrey Titford, on
behalf of the IND/DEM Group, and Bruno Gollnisch, Non-attached Member.

Adopted (P6_TA(2006)0529)


2 11.2. Appointment of the Romanian Commissioner (vote)

DRAFT DECISION B6-0645/2006

(Simple majority)

(Voting record: 'Results of votes', Item 2)

Adopted (P6_TA(2006)0530)


