11. Order of business

The following spoke: Ria Oomen-Ruijten, on behalf of the PPE Group, to ask
for the inclusion on the agenda for the next part-session of a statement
followed by a debate on the situation in Russia, and Hannes Swoboda, on
behalf of the S&D Group, in support of this request.

                                      
                                      

The next item was the order of business.

The final draft agenda for the June II sittings (PE 466.027/PDOJ) had been
distributed and a number of changes had been proposed (Rule 140):

Thursday

With the political groups' agreement, the vote on the report by Martin
Kastler on the European Year for Active Ageing (2012) (A7-0061/2011) had
been postponed to the July part-session.

The report by Salvatore Tatarella on tractors placed on the market under
the flexibility scheme ((A7-0091/2011) had been entered directly on the
agenda for voting time on Thursday.

The deadline for tabling amendments was set for Wednesday 22 June 2011 at
16.00.

Wednesday

Request by the Verts/ALE Group to hold the joint debate on economic
governance (items 77, 78, 79, 80, 81 and 82 of the final draft agenda)
after the debate on the preparations for the European Council meeting (23-
24 June 2011) (item 47 of the final draft agenda).

Parliament rejected the request.
Thursday

Request by the GUE/NGL Group to postpone the vote on the reports on
economic governance to the next part-session (Report: Elisa Ferreira - A7-
0183/2011, Report: Diogo Feio - A7-0179/2011, Report: Vicky Ford - A7-
0184/2011, Report: Sylvie Goulard - A7-0180/2011, Report: Corien Wortmann-
Kool - A7-0178/2011, Report: Carl Haglund - A7-0182/2011).

The following spoke: Jrgen Klute, on behalf of the GUE/NGL Group,
explaining the reasons for the request, Corien Wortmann-Kool, on behalf of
the PPE Group, opposing the request, and Ilda Figueiredo, on behalf of the
GUE/NGL Group, who supported it.

Parliament rejected the request.
                                      
                                      

The order of business was thus established.


