3. Electronic communications networks, personal data and the protection of
privacy ***II - Electronic communications networks and services ***II -
Body of European Regulators for Electronic Communications (BEREC) and the
Office ***II - Frequency bands for mobile communications ***I (debate)

Recommendation for second reading on the Council common position for
adopting a directive of the European Parliament and of the Council amending
Directive 2002/22/EC on universal service and users' rights relating to
electronic communications networks, Directive 2002/58/EC concerning the
processing of personal data and the protection of privacy in the electronic
communications sector and Regulation (EC) No 2006/2004 on cooperation
between national authorities responsible for the enforcement of consumer
protection laws [16497/1/2008 - C6-0068/2009 - 2007/0248(COD)] - Committee
on the Internal Market and Consumer Protection. Rapporteur: Malcolm Harbour
(A6-0257/2009)

Recommendation for second reading on the common position by the Council
with a view to the adoption of a Directive of the European Parliament and
of the Council amending Directives 2002/21/EC on a common regulatory
framework for electronic communications networks and services, 2002/19/EC
on access to and interconnection of electronic communications networks and
services, and 2002/20/EC on the authorisation of electronic communications
networks and services [16496/1/2008 - C6-0066/2009 - 2007/0247(COD)] -
Committee on Industry, Research and Energy. Rapporteur: Catherine Trautmann
(A6-0272/2009)

Recommendation for second reading on the common position by the Council
with a view to the adoption of a Regulation of the European Parliament and
of the Council establishing the Group of European Regulators in Telecoms
(GERT) [16498/1/2008 - C6-0067/2009 - 2007/0249(COD)] - Committee on
Industry, Research and Energy. Rapporteur: Pilar del Castillo Vera (A6-
0271/2009)

Report on the proposal for a directive of the European parliament and of
the Council amending Council Directive 87/372/EEC on the frequency bands to
be reserved for the coordinated introduction of public pan-European
cellular digital land-based mobile communications in the Community
[COM(2008)0762 - C6-0452/2008 - 2008/0214(COD)] - Committee on Industry,
Research and Energy. Rapporteur: Francisca Pleguezuelos Aguilar (A6-
0276/2009)

Malcolm Harbour, Catherine Trautmann and Pilar del Castillo Vera presented
the recommendations for second reading.

Francisca Pleguezuelos Aguilar introduced the report.

The following spoke: Viviane Reding (Member of the Commission).

The following spoke: Angelika Niebler, on behalf of the PPE-DE Group, Erika
Mann, on behalf of the PSE Group, Cristian Silviu Bu?oi, on behalf of the
ALDE Group, Rebecca Harms, on behalf of the Verts/ALE Group, Eva-Britt
Svensson, on behalf of the GUE/NGL Group, Kathy Sinnott, on behalf of the
IND/DEM Group, Bruno Gollnisch, Non-attached Member, Bernadette Vergnaud,
Alexander Alvaro, David Hammerstein, Mary Lou McDonald, Hanne Dahl, Luca
Romagnoli, Gunnar Hkmark, Reino Paasilinna, Fiona Hall, Godfrey Bloom,
Paul Rbig, Evelyne Gebhardt, Anne Laperrouze, Bernard Wojciechowski, Giles
Chichester, Hannes Swoboda, Sophia in 't Veld, Erna Hennicot-Schoepges and
Edit Herczog.

                        IN THE CHAIR: Mechtild ROTHE
                               Vice-President

The following spoke: Silvia-Adriana ?ic?u, Charlotte Cederschild, Jacques
Toubon, Syed Kamall and Christofer Fjellner.

The following spoke under the 'catch-the-eye' procedure: Helga Trpel.

The following spoke: Viviane Reding, Malcolm Harbour, Catherine Trautmann,
Pilar del Castillo Vera and Francisca Pleguezuelos Aguilar.

The debate closed.

Vote: minutes of 6.5.2009, item 6.1, minutes of 6.5.2009, item 6.2, minutes
of 6.5.2009, item 6.3 and minutes of 6.5.2009, item 6.4.
The following spoke: Carl Schlyter, who regretted the fact that the Council
was not present.


