4. Support for rural development by the EAFRD * - Voluntary modulation of
direct payments under the CAP * (debate)

Report on the proposal for a Council regulation amending Regulation (EC) No
1698/2005 on support for rural development by the European Agricultural
Fund for Rural Development (EAFRD) [COM(2006)0237 - C6-0237/2006 -
2006/0082(CNS)] - Committee on Agriculture and Rural Development.
Rapporteur: Jan Mulder (A6-0319/2006)

Report on the proposal for a Council regulation laying down rules for
voluntary modulation of direct payments provided for in Regulation (EC) No
1782/2003 establishing common rules for direct support schemes under the
common agricultural policy and establishing certain support schemes for
farmers, and amending Regulation (EC) No 1290/2005 [COM(2006)0241 - C6-
0235/2006 - 2006/0083(CNS)] - Committee on Agriculture and Rural
Development. Rapporteur: Lutz Goepel (A6-0315/2006)

The following spoke: Lutz Goepel (rapporteur), on behalf of the PPE-DE
Group, who moved the adjournment of the debate and vote on both reports
under Rule 170(1).
The following spoke in support of Mr Goepel's request: Katerina Batzeli, on
behalf of the PSE Group, Niels Busk (standing in for Jan Mulder, the
rapporteur), Neil Parish, Friedrich-Wilhelm Graefe zu Baringdorf, on behalf
of the Verts/ALE Group, Ilda Figueiredo, Hannes Swoboda, Reimer Bge and
Janusz Wojciechowski, on behalf of the UEN Group.

The President established that, under Rule 170(2), such a request for
adjournment should be made 24 hours in advance. He therefore proposed to
change the agenda by withdrawing the two reports.
Parliament agreed to the proposal.

   (The sitting was suspended at 11.20 pending voting time and resumed at
                                   11.40.)

                    IN THE CHAIR: Josep BORRELL FONTELLES
                                  President


