1.1) reports

- ***I Report on the proposal for a directive of the European Parliament
and of the Council amending Directive 2000/25/EC as regards the provisions
for tractors placed on the market under the flexibility scheme
(COM(2010)0607 - C7-0342/2010 - 2010/0301(COD)) - ENVI Committee -
Rapporteur: Salvatore Tatarella (A7-0091/2011)

- Report on Objective 3: a challenge for territorial cooperation - the
future agenda for cross-border, transnational and interregional cooperation
(2010/2155(INI)) - REGI Committee - Rapporteur: Marie-Thrse Sanchez-
Schmid (A7-0110/2011)

- Report on the Report 2010 on the implementation of the cohesion policy
programmes for 2007-2013 (2010/2139(INI)) - REGI Committee - Rapporteur:
Miroslav Mikol?ik (A7-0111/2011)

- ***I Report on the proposal for a regulation of the European Parliament
and of the Council repealing Council Regulation (EC) No 1541/98 on proof of
origin for certain textile products falling within Section XI of the
Combined Nomenclature and released for free circulation in the Community,
and on the conditions for the acceptance of such proof, and amending
Council Regulation (EEC) No 3030/93 on common rules for imports of certain
textile products from third countries (COM(2010)0544 - C7-0316/2010 -
2010/0272(COD)) - INTA Committee - Rapporteur: Jan Zahradil (A7-0156/2011)

- ***I Report on the proposal for a regulation of the European Parliament
and of the Council implementing Article 10 of the United Nations' Firearms
Protocol and establishing export authorisation, import and transit measures
for firearms, their parts and components and ammunition (COM(2010)0273 - C7-
0138/2010 - 2010/0147(COD)) - INTA Committee - Rapporteur: Salvatore
Iacolino (A7-0157/2011)

- ***I Report on the proposal for a regulation of the European Parliament
and of the Council amending Council Regulation (EC) No 73/2009 establishing
common rules for direct support schemes for farmers under the common
agricultural policy and establishing certain support schemes for farmers
(COM(2010)0539 - C7-0294/2010 - 2010/0267(COD)) - AGRI Committee -
Rapporteur: Paolo De Castro (A7-0158/2011)

- Report on guaranteeing independent impact assessments (2010/2016(INI)) -
JURI Committee - Rapporteur: Angelika Niebler (A7-0159/2011)

- Report on the mid-term review of the Seventh Framework Programme of the
European Union for research, technological development and demonstration
activities (2011/2043(INI)) - ITRE Committee - Rapporteur: Jean-Pierre Audy
(A7-0160/2011)

- ***I Report on the proposal for a regulation of the European Parliament
and of the Council amending Council Regulation (EC) No 1698/2005 on support
for rural development by the European Agricultural Fund for Rural
Development (EAFRD) (COM(2010)0537 - C7-0295/2010 - 2010/0266(COD)) - AGRI
Committee - Rapporteur: Paolo De Castro (A7-0161/2011)

- Report on policy options for progress towards a European Contract Law for
consumers and businesses (2011/2013(INI)) - JURI Committee - Rapporteur:
Diana Wallis (A7-0164/2011)

- Report on the mid-term review of the European satellite navigation
programmes: implementation assessment, future challenges and financing
perspectives (2009/2226(INI)) - ITRE Committee - Rapporteur: Vladimr Remek
(A7-0165/2011)

- ***I Report on the proposal for a regulation of the European Parliament
and of the Council amending Directive 2001/18/EC as regards the possibility
for the Member States to restrict or prohibit the cultivation of GMOs in
their territory (COM(2010)0375 - C7-0178/2010 - 2010/0208(COD)) - ENVI
Committee - Rapporteur: Corinne Lepage (A7-0170/2011)

- Report on the external dimension of social policy, promoting labour and
social standards and European corporate social responsibility
(2010/2205(INI)) - EMPL Committee - Rapporteur: Richard Falbr (A7-
0172/2011)

- Report on GDP and beyond - Measuring progress in a changing world
(2010/2088(INI)) - ENVI Committee - Rapporteur: Anna Rosbach (A7-0175/2011)

- Report on the proposal for a modification of the Act concerning the
election of the Members of the European Parliament by direct universal
suffrage of 20 September 1976 (2009/2134(INI)) - AFCO Committee -
Rapporteur: Andrew Duff (A7-0176/2011)

- ***I Report on the proposal for a regulation of the European Parliament
and of the Council amending Regulation (EC) No 1466/97 on the strengthening
of the surveillance of budgetary positions and the surveillance and
coordination of economic policies (COM(2010)0526 - C7-0300/2010 -
2010/0280(COD)) - ECON Committee - Rapporteur: Corien Wortmann-Kool (A7-
0178/2011)

- * Report on the proposal for a Council regulation amending Regulation
(EC) No 1467/97 on speeding up and clarifying the implementation of the
excessive deficit procedure (COM(2010)0522 - C7-0396/2010 - 2010/0276(CNS))
- ECON Committee - Rapporteur: Diogo Feio (A7-0179/2011)

- ***I Report on the proposal for a regulation of the European Parliament
and of the Council on the effective enforcement of budgetary surveillance
in the euro area (COM(2010)0524 - C7-0298/2010 - 2010/0278(COD)) - ECON
Committee - Rapporteur: Sylvie Goulard (A7-0180/2011)

- ***I Report on the proposal for a regulation of the European Parliament
and of the Council on enforcement measures to correct excessive
macroeconomic imbalances in the euro area (COM(2010)0525 - C7-0299/2010 -
2010/0279(COD)) - ECON Committee - Rapporteur: Carl Haglund (A7-0182/2011)

- ***I Report on the proposal for a regulation of the European Parliament
and of the Council on the prevention and correction of macroeconomic
imbalances (COM(2010)0527 - C7-0301/2010 - 2010/0281(COD)) - ECON Committee
- Rapporteur: Elisa Ferreira (A7-0183/2011)

- * Report on the proposal for a Council directive on requirements for
budgetary frameworks of the Member States (COM(2010)0523 - C7-0397/2010 -
2010/0277(NLE)) - ECON Committee - Rapporteur: Vicky Ford (A7-0184/2011)

- * Report on the draft Council decision on the full application of the
provisions of the Schengen acquis in the Republic of Bulgaria and Romania
(14142/2010 - C7-0369/2010 - 2010/0820(NLE)) - LIBE Committee - Rapporteur:
Carlos Coelho (A7-0185/2011)

- *** Recommendation on the draft Council decision on the conclusion of the
Agreement between the European Union and the Republic of Croatia on the
participation of the Republic of Croatia in the work of the European
Monitoring Centre for Drugs and Drug Addiction (11633/2010 - C7-0026/2011 -
2010/0011(NLE)) - LIBE Committee - Rapporteur: Debora Serracchiani (A7-
0186/2011)

- Report on Regulation (EC)1905/2006 establishing a financing instrument
for development cooperation: lessons learned and perspectives for the
future (2009/2149(INI)) - DEVE Committee - Rapporteur: Gay Mitchell (A7-
0187/2011)

- Report with a proposal for a European Parliament recommendation to the
Council on the 66th Session of the United Nations General Assembly
(2011/2030(INI)) - AFET Committee - Rapporteur: Alexander Graf Lambsdorff
(A7-0189/2011)

- *Report on the nomination of H.G. Wessberg as a Member of the Court of
Auditors (N7-0043/2011 - C7-0103/2011 - 2011/0803(NLE)) - CONT Committee -
Rapporteur: Ins Ayala Sender (A7-0190/2011)

- Report on investing in the future: a new Multiannual Financial Framework
(MFF) for a competitive, sustainable and inclusive Europe (2010/2211(INI))
- SURE Committee - Rapporteur: Salvador Garriga Polledo (A7-0193/2011)

- Report on the request for waiver of the immunity of Agnes Hankiss
(2010/2213(IMM)) - JURI Committee - Rapporteur: Diana Wallis (A7-0196/2011)

