1 7.1. Draft general budget of the European Union - Financial year 2008
(vote)

- Draft amendments to and proposals for modification relating to the
appropriations in Section III of the 2008 draft general budget, concerning
the Commission
- Draft amendments to Sections I, II, IV, V, VI, VII, VIII and IX of the
2008 draft general budget concerning the European Parliament, Council,
Court of Justice, Court of Auditors, Economic and Social Committee,
Committee of the Regions, European Ombudsman and European Data Protection
Supervisor

(Qualified majority for draft amendments dealing with non-compulsory
expenditure; simple majority for proposed modifications dealing with
compulsory expenditure)

The draft amendments and proposed modifications adopted are listed in an
annex to the Texts Adopted.

(Voting record: 'Results of votes', Item 1)

The following spoke:
- before the vote, Kysti Virrankoski (rapporteur), who announced a number
of technical adjustments to Amendments 990, 24, 989 and 1043, as well as to
the remarks in Amendment 1133. He also announced that the remarks in
Amendment 634 did not apply to Amendments 1018, 934, 938 and 940. He
recommended the rejection of Amendment 752 in favour of Amendment 610, the
transfer of the reserve from Amendment 752 to Amendment 610, and the
rejection of Amendment 1044 in favour of Amendment 32;

- during the vote, Kysti Virrankoski, who recommended that the remarks in
Amendment 822 be put to the vote, and provided clarifications on the
reserve in Amendments 938 and 1043; he requested that Amendment 610 be put
to the vote before Amendment 752; he also spoke on Amendments 753 and 990;

- Vronique De Keyser and Christopher Heaton-Harris, who commented on
Amendments 231 and 21;

- Lszl Surjn, who said that the German version of Amendment 951 was the
authentic text;

- before the vote on Section I (European Parliament), Ville Itl
(rapporteur), who announced a number of technical adjustments to Amendments
1094, 1004 and 1013.


