10. Instrument for Stability ***I - Financing instrument for development
cooperation ***I - Financing instrument for the promotion of democracy and
human rights worldwide ***I - Financing instrument for cooperation with
industrialised countries ***I - Financing instrument for development
cooperation ***I (debate)

Report on the proposal for a regulation of the European Parliament and of
the Council amending Regulation (EC) No 1717/2006 establishing an
Instrument for Stability [COM(2009)0195 - C7-0042/2009- 2009/0058(COD)] -
Committee on Foreign Affairs.Rapporteur: Franziska Katharina Brantner (A7-
0066/2009)

Report on the proposal for a regulation of the European Parliament and of
the Council amending Regulation (EC) No 1905/2006 establishing a financing
instrument for development cooperation and Regulation (EC) No 1889/2006 on
establishing a financing instrument for the promotion of democracy and
human rights worldwide [COM(2009)0194 - C7-0043/2009- 2009/0060A(COD)] -
Committee on Development.Rapporteur: Gay Mitchell (A7-0078/2009)

Report on the proposal for a regulation of the European Parliament and of
the Council amending Regulation (EC) No1905/2006 establishing a financing
instrument for development cooperation and Regulation (EC) No 1889/2006 on
establishing a financing instrument for the promotion of democracy and
human rights worldwide [COM(2009)0194 - C7-0158/2009- 2009/0060B(COD)] -
Committee on Foreign Affairs.Co-rapporteurs: Kinga Gl and Barbara
Lochbihler (A7-0188/2010)

Report on the proposal for a regulation of the European Parliament and of
the Council amending Regulation (EC) No 1934/2006 establishing a financing
instrument for cooperation with industrialised and other high-income
countries and territories [COM(2009)0197 - C7-0101/2009- 2009/0059(COD)] -
Committee on International Trade.Rapporteur: Helmut Scholz (A7-0052/2010)

Report on the proposal for a regulation of the European Parliament and of
the Council amending Regulation (EC) No 1905/2006 establishing a financing
instrument for development cooperation [COM(2010)0102 - C7-0079/2010-
2010/0059(COD)] - Committee on Development.Rapporteur: Charles Goerens (A7-
0285/2010)

Franziska Katharina Brantner introduced the report.

The following spoke: Franz Obermayr, regretting that so few Members were
present in the Chamber.

Iva Zanicchi, Kinga Gl and Barbara Lochbihler introduced the reports.

The following spoke: Andris Piebalgs (Member of the Commission) and Olivier
Chastel (President-in-Office of the Council).

The following spoke: Barbara Lochbihler (rapporteur for the opinion of the
AFET Committee), Nirj Deva (rapporteur for the opinion of the DEVE
Committee), Ivailo Kalfin (rapporteur for the opinion of the BUDG
Committee), Tunne Kelam, on behalf of the PPE Group, Gianluca Susta, on
behalf of the S&D Group, Annemie Neyts-Uyttebroeck, on behalf of the ALDE
Group, Franziska Keller, on behalf of the Verts/ALE Group, Charles Tannock,
on behalf of the ECR Group, Sabine Lsing, on behalf of the GUE/NGL Group,
William (The Earl of) Dartmouth, on behalf of the EFD Group, Andreas
Mlzer, Non-attached Member, Godelieve Quisthoudt-Rowohl, Ana Gomes, who
also answered a blue-card question by Heidi Hautala, Louis Michel,
Catherine Grze, Marek Henryk Migalski, Joe Higgins, Nikolaos Salavrakos,
Nick Griffin, Maurice Ponga, Thijs Berman, Takis Hadjigeorgiou, Alf
Svensson, Patrice Tirolien, Lena Kolarska-Bobi?ska, Kader Arif and Richard
Howitt.

The following spoke under the 'catch-the-eye' procedure: Elena B?sescu,
Miroslav Mikol?ik, Corina Cre?u, Jaroslav Pa?ka and Franz Obermayr.

                IN THE CHAIR: Miguel Angel MARTNEZ MARTNEZ
                               Vice-President

The following spoke under the 'catch-the-eye' procedure: Mariya Nedelcheva
and Andrew Henry William Brons.

The following spoke: Andris Piebalgs, Franziska Katharina Brantner, Iva
Zanicchi, Kinga Gl, Barbara Lochbihler, Helmut Scholz (rapporteur) and
Charles Goerens (rapporteur).

The debate closed.

Vote: minutes of 21.10.2010, item 7.1, minutes of 21.10.2010, item 7.2,
minutes of 21.10.2010, item 7.3, minutes of 21.10.2010, item 7.4 and
minutes of 21.10.2010, item 7.5.

