1.1) reports

- Report on the protection of the Communities' financial interests - Fight
against fraud - Annual report 2009 (2010/2247(INI)) - CONT Committee -
Rapporteur: C?t?lin Sorin Ivan (A7-0050/2011)

- Report on the efficiency and effectiveness of EU funding in the area of
decommissioning nuclear power plants in the New Member States
(2010/2104(INI)) - CONT Committee - Rapporteur: Marian-Jean Marinescu (A7-
0054/2011)

- *** Recommendation on the proposal for a Council decision on the
conclusion of the Protocol setting out the fishing opportunities and
financial contribution provided for in the Partnership Agreement in the
fisheries sector between the European Community and the Union of the
Comoros (15572/2010 - C7-0020/2011 - 2010/0287(NLE)) - PECH Committee -
Rapporteur: Luis Manuel Capoulas Santos (A7-0056/2011)

- * Report on the proposal for a Council decision laying down rules for
imports into the European Union from Greenland of fishery products, live
bivalve molluscs, echinoderms, tunicates, marine gastropods and by-products
thereof (COM(2010)0176 - C7-0136/2010 - 2010/0097(CNS)) - PECH Committee -
Rapporteur: Carmen Fraga Estvez (A7-0057/2011)

- Report on the proposal for a decision of the European Parliament and of
the Council on the mobilisation of the European Globalisation Adjustment
Fund in accordance with point 28 of the Interinstitutional Agreement of 17
May 2006 between the European Parliament, the Council and the Commission on
budgetary discipline and sound financial management (application
EGF/2010/013 PL/Podkarpackie machinery from Poland) (COM(2011)0062 - C7-
0056/2011 - 2011/2045(BUD)) - BUDG Committee - Rapporteur: Barbara Matera
(A7-0059/2011)

- Report on the proposal for a decision of the European Parliament and of
the Council on the mobilisation of the European Globalisation Adjustment
Fund in accordance with point 28 of the Interinstitutional Agreement of 17
May 2006 between the European Parliament, the Council and the Commission on
budgetary discipline and sound financial management (application
EGF/2010/010 CZ/Unilever from the Czech Republic) (COM(2011)0061 - C7-
0055/2011 - 2011/2044(BUD)) - BUDG Committee - Rapporteur: Barbara Matera
(A7-0060/2011)

- Report on the application of Regulation (EC) No 2004/2003 on the
regulations governing political parties at European level and the rules
regarding their funding (2010/2201(INI)) - AFCO Committee - Rapporteur:
Marietta Giannakou (A7-0062/2011)

- *** Recommendation on the draft Council decision on the conclusion of the
Protocol to the Partnership and Cooperation Agreement establishing a
partnership between the European Communities and their Member States, of
the one part, and Ukraine, of the other part, on a Framework Agreement
between the European Union and Ukraine on the general principles for the
participation of Ukraine in Union programmes (13604/2010 - C7-0401/2010 -
2010/0218(NLE)) - AFET Committee - Rapporteur: Ryszard Antoni Legutko (A7-
0063/2011)

- Report on priorities and outline of a new EU policy framework to fight
violence against women (2010/2209(INI)) - FEMM Committee - Rapporteur: Eva-
Britt Svensson (A7-0065/2011)

- *** Recommendation on the draft Council decision on the conclusion of an
Agreement between the European Union and the Kingdom of Morocco
establishing a Dispute Settlement Mechanism (13754/2010 - C7-0431/2010 -
2010/0181(NLE)) - INTA Committee - Rapporteur: George Sabin Cuta? (A7-
0066/2011)

- *** Recommendation on the draft Council decision on the conclusion of an
Agreement in the form of a Protocol between the European Union and the
Hashemite Kingdom of Jordan establishing a dispute settlement mechanism
applicable to disputes under the trade provisions of the Euro-Mediterranean
Agreement establishing an Association between the European Communities and
their Member States, of the one part, and the Hashemite Kingdom of Jordan,
of the other part (13758/2010 - C7-0057/2011 - 2010/0173(NLE)) - INTA
Committee - Rapporteur: Emilio Menndez Del Valle (A7-0067/2011)

- *** Recommendation on the draft Council decision on the conclusion of an
Agreement in the form of a Protocol between the European Union and the Arab
Republic of Egypt establishing a dispute settlement mechanism applicable to
disputes under the trade provisions of the Euro-Mediterranean Agreement
establishing an Association between the European Communities and their
Member States, of the one part, and the Arab Republic of Egypt of the other
part (13762/2010 - C7-0372/2010 - 2010/0229(NLE)) - INTA Committee -
Rapporteur: Gianluca Susta (A7-0068/2011)

- ***I Report on the proposal for a regulation of the European Parliament
and of the Council introducing emergency autonomous trade preferences for
Pakistan (COM(2010)0552 - C7-0322/2010 - 2010/0289(COD)) - INTA Committee -
Rapporteur: William (The Earl Of) Dartmouth (A7-0069/2011)

- Report on the future European international investment policy
(2010/2203(INI)) - INTA Committee - Rapporteur: Kader Arif (A7-0070/2011)

- Report on a Single Market for Enterprises and Growth (2010/2277(INI)) -
IMCO Committee - Rapporteur: Cristian Silviu Bu?oi (A7-0071/2011)

- Report on a Single Market for Europeans (2010/2278(INI)) - IMCO Committee
- Rapporteur: Antnio Fernando Correia De Campos (A7-0072/2011)

- Report on the 2009 Annual Report of the European Investment Bank
(2010/2248(INI)) - ECON Committee - Rapporteur: George Sabin Cuta? (A7-
0073/2011)

- Report on corporate governance in financial institutions (2010/2303(INI))
- ECON Committee - Rapporteur: Ashley Fox (A7-0074/2011)

- Report on migration flows arising from instability: scope and role of EU
foreign policy (2010/2269(INI)) - AFET Committee - Rapporteur: Fiorello
Provera (A7-0075/2011)

- Report on Governance and Partnership in the Single Market
(2010/2289(INI)) - IMCO Committee - Rapporteur: Sandra Kalniete (A7-
0083/2011)

- ***I Report on the proposal for a directive of the European Parliament
and of the Council on minimum standards on procedures in Member States for
granting and withdrawing international protection (recast) (COM(2009)0554 -
C7-0248/2009 - 2009/0165(COD)) - LIBE Committee - Rapporteur: Sylvie
Guillaume (A7-0085/2011)

- Report on the estimates of revenue and expenditure of Parliament for the
financial year 2012 - Section I - Parliament (2011/2018(BUD)) - BUDG
Committee - Rapporteur: Jos Manuel Fernandes (A7-0087/2011)

- ***I Report on the proposal for a directive of the European Parliament
and of the Council on the approximation of the laws of the Member States
relating to units of measurement (codified text) (COM(2010)0507 - C7-
0287/2010 - 2010/0260(COD)) - JURI Committee - Rapporteur: Sajjad Karim (A7-
0089/2011)

- ***I Report on the proposal for a directive of the European Parliament
and of the Council on the installation, location, operation and
identification of the controls of wheeled agricultural or forestry tractors
(codified text) (COM(2010)0717 - C7-0404/2010 - 2010/0348(COD)) - JURI
Committee - Rapporteur: Sajjad Karim (A7-0090/2011)

- ***I Report on the proposal for a directive of the European Parliament
and of the Council on braking devices of wheeled agricultural or forestry
tractors (codified text) (COM(2010)0729 - C7-0421/2010 - 2010/0349(COD)) -
JURI Committee - Rapporteur: Sajjad Karim (A7-0092/2011)

- ***I Report on the proposal for a directive of the European Parliament
and of the Council on the permissible sound level and the exhaust system of
motor vehicles (COM(2010)0508 - C7-0288/2010 - 2010/0261(COD)) - JURI
Committee - Rapporteur: Sajjad Karim (A7-0093/2011)

- ***I Report on the proposal for a directive of the European Parliament
and of the Council on indications or marks identifying the lot to which a
foodstuff belongs (codified text) (COM(2010)0506 - C7-0285/2010 -
2010/0259(COD)) - JURI Committee - Rapporteur: Sajjad Karim (A7-0095/2011)

- ***I Report on the proposal for a directive of the European Parliament
and of the Council on the operating space, access to the driving position
and the doors and windows of wheeled agricultural or forestry tractors
(codified text) (COM(2010)0746 - C7-0428/2010 - 2010/0358(COD)) - JURI
Committee - Rapporteur: Sajjad Karim (A7-0096/2011)

- ***I Report on the proposal for a directive of the European Parliament
and of the Council on roll-over protection structures mounted in front of
the driver's seat on narrow-track wheeled agricultural and forestry
tractors (codified text) (COM(2010)0610 - C7-0340/2010 - 2010/0302(COD)) -
JURI Committee - Rapporteur: Sajjad Karim (A7-0098/2011)

- ***I Report on the proposal for a directive of the European Parliament
and of the Council on rear-mounted roll-over protection structures of
narrow-track wheeled agricultural and forestry tractors (codified text)
(COM(2010)0510 - C7-0290/2010 - 2010/0264(COD)) - JURI Committee -
Rapporteur: Sajjad Karim (A7-0101/2011)

- Report on the proposal for a Council regulation on denominations and
technical specifications of euro coins intended for circulation (codified
text) (COM(2010)0691 - C7-0034/2011 - 2010/0338(NLE)) - JURI Committee -
Rapporteur: Sajjad Karim (A7-0102/2011)

- Report on the proposal for a decision of the European Parliament and of
the Council on mobilisation of the European Union Solidarity Fund, in
accordance with point 26 of the Interinstitutional Agreement of 17 May 2006
between the European Parliament, the Council and the Commission on
budgetary discipline and sound financial management (COM(2011)0010 - C7-
0023/2011 - 2011/2021(BUD)) - BUDG Committee - Rapporteur: Reimer Bge (A7-
0114/2011)

- Report on the Council's position on Draft amending budget No 1/2011of the
European Union for the financial year 2011, Section III - Commission
(07704/2011 - C7-0072/2011 - 2011/2022(BUD)) - BUDG Committee - Rapporteur:
Sidonia El?bieta J?drzejewska (A7-0115/2011)

2) from Members

2.1) oral questions for Question Time (Rule 116) (B7-0210/2011)
to the Council:
- Posselt Bernd, Harkin Marian, ?ic?u Silvia-Adriana, Gallagher Pat the
Cope, Crowley Brian, Chountis Nikolaos, Higgins Jim, Bal?ytis Zigmantas,
McGuinness Mairead, Andrikien? Laima Liucija

to the Commission:
- Papastamkos Georgios, Bal?ytis Zigmantas, Harkin Marian, Davies Chris,
Higgins Jim, Kratsa-Tsagaropoulou Rodi, Papanikolaou Georgios, Tsoukalas
Ioannis A., ?ic?u Silvia-Adriana, Aylward Liam, Crowley Brian, Mitchell
Gay, Kelly Sen, La Via Giovanni, Martin Hans-Peter, Posselt Bernd,
Kadenbach Karin, Chountis Nikolaos, Iotova Iliana Malinova, Girling Julie,
Gerbrandy Gerben-Jan, Paleckis Justas Vincas, der Jnos, Ludford Sarah,
Liberadzki Bogus?aw, Gallagher Pat the Cope, Tabajdi Csaba Sndor, Gncz
Kinga, van Nistelrooij Lambert, Padar Ivari, Blier Sandrine, McGuinness
Mairead, Andrikien? Laima Liucija, Jensen Anne E., Neynsky Nadezhda, Watson
Graham, Belet Ivo


2.2) motions for resolution (Rule 120)

- Franz Obermayr and Csand Szegedi. Motion for a resolution on enhanced
nuclear safety in the Danube region (B7-0234/2011)

|   |referred to             |responsible |ITRE                             |
|   |                        |:           |                                 |
|   |                        |opinion :   |ENVI                             |


2.3) proposals for recommendations (Rule 121)

- Graham Watson, on behalf of the ALDE Group. Proposal for a recommendation
to the Council on a consistent policy towards authoritarian regimes,
against whom the EU applies restrictive measures, when they exercise the
personal and commercial interests within EU borders (B7-0235/2011)
referred to responsible: AFET
opinion: LIBE, INTA

13. Order of business

The next item was the order of business.
The final draft agenda for the April 2011 sittings (PE 461.047/PDOJ) had
been distributed and a number of changes had been proposed (Rule 140):

Monday
No changes.
Tuesday

EFD Group request to for the vote on the report by Jos Manuel Fernandes
(A7-0087/2011) on "Estimates of revenue and expenditure for 2012 - Section
I - Parliament" (item 66 on the final draft agenda) to be held over to the
May 2011 part-session;

The following spoke: Marta Andreasen, on behalf of the EFD Group, who moved
the request, Francesco Enrico Speroni, supporting it, and Alain Lamassoure
opposing it.

Parliament rejected the request.
Wednesday

PPE Group request to wind up the debate on the Commission statement on
Public procurement (Item 129 on the final draft agenda) with motions for
resolution.

The following spoke: Andreas Schwab, on behalf of the PPE Group, who moved
the request, Evelyne Gebhardt, who supported the request and proposed that
the vote be held over to the May part-session, and Francesco Enrico
Speroni, against the proposal to postpone the vote.

Parliament agreed to the request and to postpone the vote.

Wednesday and Thursday

ALDE Group request to move to Wednesday's agenda the item on the situation
in Cte d'Ivoire, that had initially been scheduled for Thursday (item 122
on the final draft agenda), in the form of a statement by the Vice-
President of the Commission and High Representative of the Union for
Foreign Affairs and Security Policy, and to include on Thursday's agenda a
debate on the case of Ai WeiWei in China as part of the debate on cases of
breaches of human rights, democracy and the rule of law.

The following spoke: Guy Verhofstadt, on behalf of the ALDE Group, who
moved the request, and Hannes Swoboda, supporting it.

Parliament approved the request.
                                      
                                      

The order of business was thus established.



                                      
                                      

Sophia in 't Veld spoke on the cyber attacks on some EU institutions,
including Parliament, and the security measures taken.


14. Granting and withdrawing international protection ***I (debate)

Report on the proposal for a directive of the European Parliament and of
the Council on minimum standards on procedures in Member States for
granting and withdrawing international protection (recast) [COM(2009)0554 -
C7-0248/2009- 2009/0165(COD)] - Committee on Civil Liberties, Justice and
Home Affairs. Rapporteur: Sylvie Guillaume (A7-0085/2011)

Sylvie Guillaume introduced the report.

The following spoke: Cecilia Malmstrm (Member of the Commission).

The following spoke: Monika Hohlmeier, on behalf of the PPE Group, Claude
Moraes, on behalf of the S&D Group, Nadja Hirsch, on behalf of the ALDE
Group, Hlne Flautre, on behalf of the Verts/ALE Group, Kyriacos
Triantaphyllides, on behalf of the GUE/NGL Group, Gerard Batten, on behalf
of the EFD Group, Danil van der Stoep, Non-attached Member, Reinhard
Btikofer, on the speech by Danil van der Stoep, Anna Hedh and Tanja
Fajon.

The following spoke under the 'catch-the-eye' procedure: Georgios
Papanikolaou.

                      IN THE CHAIR: Stavros LAMBRINIDIS
                               Vice-President

The following spoke under the 'catch-the-eye' procedure: Ioan Enciu, Jrg
Leichtfried, Jaroslav Pa?ka, Franz Obermayr and Andrew Henry William Brons.

The following spoke: Cecilia Malmstrm and Sylvie Guillaume.

The debate closed.

Vote: minutes of 6.4.2011, item 8.9.

