10.07.2008, been signed by the majority of Parliament's component Members.
Consequently, in accordance with Rule 116(4), it had been forwarded to its
addressees and published, together with the names of the signatories, in
the Texts Adopted of the sitting of 02.09.2008 (P6_TA-PROV(2008)0390).

Written declaration 0036/2008 submitted by Edward McMillan-Scott, Roberta
Angelilli, Glenys Kinnock, Evelyne Gebhardt and Diana Wallis on lemergency
cooperation in recovering missing children had, by 25.07.2008, been signed
by the majority of Parliament's component Members. Consequently, in
accordance with Rule 116(4), it had been forwarded to its addressees and
published, together with the names of the signatories, in the Texts Adopted
of the sitting of 02.09.2008 (P6_TA-PROV(2008)0391).


7. Voting time

Details of voting (amendments, separate and split votes, etc.) appear in
the Results of Votes annex to the minutes.

The results of roll-call votes are available in electronic form only, as an
annex to the minutes, and can be accessed via Europarl.

1 7.1. Classification, labelling and packaging of substances and mixtures
***I (vote)

Report: on a proposal for a regulation of the European Parliament and of
the Council on classification, labelling and packaging of substances and
mixtures, and amending Directive 67/548/EEC and Regulation (EC) No
1907/2006 [COM(2007)0355 - C6-0197/2007 - 2007/0121(COD)] - Committee on
the Environment, Public Health and Food Safety. Rapporteur: Amalia Sartori
(A6-0140/2008)

(Simple majority)

(Voting record: 'Results of votes', Item 1)

COMMISSION PROPOSAL

Approved as amended (P6_TA(2008)0392)

DRAFT LEGISLATIVE RESOLUTION

Adopted (P6_TA(2008)0392)


2 7.2. Classification, labelling and packaging of substances and mixtures
(amendment of Directives 76/768/EEC, 88/378/EEC, 1999/13/EC, 2000/53/EC,
2002/96/EC and 2004/42/EC) ***I (vote)


Report: on a proposal for a decision of the European Parliament and of the
Council amending Council Directives 76/768/EEC, 88/378/EEC, 1999/13/EC and
Directives 2000/53/EC, 2002/96/EC and 2004/42/EC in order to adapt them to
Regulation (EC) ... on Classification, Labelling and Packaging of
Substances and Mixtures, and amending Directive 67/548/EEC and Regulation
(EC) No 1907/2006 [COM(2007)0611 - C6-0347/2007 - 2007/0212(COD)] -
Committee on the Environment, Public Health and Food Safety. Rapporteur:
Amalia Sartori (A6-0142/2008)

(Simple majority)

(Voting record: 'Results of votes', Item 2)

COMMISSION PROPOSAL

Approved as amended (P6_TA(2008)0393)

DRAFT LEGISLATIVE RESOLUTION

Adopted (P6_TA(2008)0393)


3 7.3. Classification, labelling and packaging of substances and mixtures
(amendment of Regulation (EC) No 648/2004) ***I (vote)


Report: on a proposal for a regulation of the European Parliament and of
the Council amending Regulation (EC) No 648/2004 in order to adapt it to
Regulation (EC) No ... on Classification, Labelling and Packaging of
Substances and Mixtures, and amending Directive 67/548/EEC and Regulation
(EC) No 1907/2006 [COM(2007)0613 - C6-0349/2007 - 2007/0213(COD)] -
Committee on the Environment, Public Health and Food Safety. Rapporteur:
Amalia Sartori (A6-0141/2008)

(Simple majority)

(Voting record: 'Results of votes', Item 3)

COMMISSION PROPOSAL

Approved (P6_TA(2008)0394)

DRAFT LEGISLATIVE RESOLUTION

Adopted (P6_TA(2008)0394)


4 7.4. Type-approval of hydrogen powered motor vehicles ***I (vote)


Report: on a proposal for a regulation of the European Parliament and of
the Council on type-approval of hydrogen powered motor vehicles and
amending Directive 2007/46/EC [COM(2007)0593 - C6-0342/2007 -
2007/0214(COD)] - Committee on the Internal Market and Consumer Protection.
Rapporteur: Anja Weisgerber (A6-0201/2008)

(Simple majority)

(Voting record: 'Results of votes', Item 4)

COMMISSION PROPOSAL

Approved as amended (P6_TA(2008)0395)

DRAFT LEGISLATIVE RESOLUTION

Adopted (P6_TA(2008)0395)


5 7.5. Situation in Georgia (vote)


Motions for resolution B6-0402/2008, B6-0410/2008, B6-0411/2008, B6-
0412/2008, B6-0413/2008 and B6-0414/2008

(Simple majority)

(Voting record: 'Results of votes', Item 5)

MOTION FOR A RESOLUTION RC-B6-0402/2008

(replacing B6-0402/2008, B6-0410/2008, B6-0412/2008, B6-0413/2008 and B6-
0414/2008):

tabled by the following Members:

Joseph Daul, Elmar Brok, Othmar Karas, Gunnar Hkmark and Jos Ignacio
Salafranca Snchez-Neyra, on behalf of the PPE-DE Group,
Jan Marinus Wiersma, Hannes Swoboda and Adrian Severin, on behalf of the
PSE Group,
Annemie Neyts-Uyttebroeck, Marco Cappato, Lydie Polfer, Janusz
Onyszkiewicz, Istvn Szent-Ivnyi, Marielle De Sarnez and Toomas Savi, on
behalf of the ALDE Group,
Adam Bielan, Ryszard Czarnecki, Konrad Szyma?ski, Inese Vaidere, Wojciech
Roszkowski, Hanna Foltyn-Kubicka and Dariusz Maciej Grabowski, on behalf of
the UEN Group,
Daniel Cohn-Bendit, Marie Anne Isler Bguin and Cem zdemir, on behalf of
the Verts/ALE Group.

Adopted (P6_TA(2008)0396)

(Motion for a resolution B6-0411/2008 fell.)

The following spoke on the vote:
Elmar Brok, on behalf of the PPE-DE Group, moved an oral amendment to
paragraph 19, which was accepted.

Martin Schulz, on behalf of the PSE Group, clarified his group's position
on the final vote.


6 7.6. Common frame of reference for European contract law (vote)

Motion for a resolution B6-0374/2008

(Simple majority)

(Voting record: 'Results of votes', Item 6)

MOTION FOR A RESOLUTION

Adopted (P6_TA(2008)0397)


7 7.7. Special Report from the European Ombudsman following the draft
recommendation to the European Commission in complaint 3453/2005/GG (vote)

Report: on the Special Report from the European Ombudsman to the European
Parliament following the draft recommendation to the European Commission in
complaint 3453/2005/GG [2007/2264(INI)] - Committee on Petitions.
Rapporteur: Proinsias De Rossa (A6-0289/2008)

(Simple majority)

(Voting record: 'Results of votes', Item 7)

MOTION FOR A RESOLUTION

Adopted (P6_TA(2008)0398)


8 7.8. Equality between women and men - 2008 (vote)

Report: on equality between women and men - 2008 [2008/2047(INI)] -
Committee on Women's Rights and Gender Equality. Rapporteur: Iratxe Garca
Prez (A6-0325/2008)

(Simple majority)

(Voting record: 'Results of votes', Item 8)

MOTION FOR A RESOLUTION

Adopted (P6_TA(2008)0399)

The following spoke on the vote:
Iratxe Garca Prez (rapporteur) asked whether the GUE/NGL Group, which had
tabled Amendment 5, considered that amendment to be an addition to
paragraph 12 (the President stated that this was the case).


9 7.9. Cloning of animals for food supply (vote)

Motion for a resolution B6-0373/2008

(Simple majority)

(Voting record: 'Results of votes', Item 9)

MOTION FOR A RESOLUTION

Adopted (P6_TA(2008)0400)

      (The sitting was suspended at 11.55 pending the formal sitting.)

                      IN THE CHAIR: Hans-Gert PTTERING
                                  President


8. Formal sitting - Costa Rica

From 12.00 to 12.30, a formal sitting of Parliament was held on the
occasion of the visit of scar Rafael Arias Snchez, President of the
Republic of Costa Rica.

                         IN THE CHAIR: Grard ONESTA
                               Vice-President


9. Voting time (continuation)


1 9.1. How marketing and advertising affect equality between women and men
(vote)

Report: on how marketing and advertising affect equality between women and
men [2008/2038(INI)] - Committee on Women's Rights and Gender Equality.
Rapporteur: Eva-Britt Svensson (A6-0199/2008)

(Simple majority)

(Voting record: 'Results of votes', Item 10)

MOTION FOR A RESOLUTION

Adopted (P6_TA(2008)0401)


