9. Voting time

Detailed voting results (amendments, separate and split votes, etc.) appear
in the Results of Votes annex to the minutes.

The results of roll-call votes are available in electronic form only, as an
annex to the minutes, and can be accessed via Europarl.

1 9.1. Agreement between the EC and South Africa on trade, development and
cooperation *** (Rule 138) (vote)

Recommendation on the draft Council decision on the conclusion of the
Agreement between the European Community and its Member States, of the one
part, and the Republic of South Africa, of the other part, amending the
Agreement on Trade, Development and Cooperation [10297/2010 - C7-0190/2010-
2010/0119(NLE)] - Committee on Development. Rapporteur: Eva Joly (A7-
0018/2011)

(Simple majority)
(Voting record: 'Results of votes', Item 1)

DRAFT LEGISLATIVE RESOLUTION

Adopted by single vote (P7_TA(2011)0043)

Parliament consented to the conclusion of the agreement.


2 9.2. Agreements between the EU, Iceland, Liechtenstein and Norway
(Financial Mechanisms 2009-2014 and imports into the EU of certain fish and
fisheries products 2009-2014) *** (Rule 138) (vote)

Recommendation on the draft Council decision on the conclusion of an
Agreement between the European Union, Iceland, Liechtenstein and Norway on
an EEA Financial Mechanism 2009-2014, an Agreement between the European
Union and Norway on a Norwegian Financial Mechanism for the period 2009-
2014, an Additional Protocol to the Agreement between the European Economic
Community and Iceland, concerning special provisions applicable to imports
into the European Union of certain fish and fisheries products for the
period 2009-2014, and an Additional Protocol to the Agreement between the
European Economic Community and Norway, concerning special provisions
applicable to imports into the European Union of certain fish and fisheries
products for the period 2009-2014 [09902/2010 - C7-0225/2010-
2010/0129(NLE)] - Committee on International Trade. Rapporteur: Maria Eleni
Koppa (A7-0372/2010)

(Simple majority)
(Voting record: 'Results of votes', Item 2)

DRAFT LEGISLATIVE RESOLUTION

Adopted by single vote (P7_TA(2011)0044)

Parliament consented to the conclusion of the agreements and protocols.


3 9.3. Agreement between the European Community and Brazil on certain
aspects of air services *** (Rule 138) (vote)

Recommendation on the draft Council decision on the conclusion of the
Agreement between the European Union and the Federative Republic of Brazil
on certain aspects of air services [13988/2010 - C7-0335/2010-
2009/0115(NLE)] - Committee on Transport and Tourism. Rapporteur: Silvia-
Adriana ?ic?u (A7-0004/2011)

(Simple majority)
(Voting record: 'Results of votes', Item 3)

DRAFT LEGISLATIVE RESOLUTION

Adopted by single vote (P7_TA(2011)0045)

Parliament consented to the conclusion of the agreement.


4 9.4. Agreement between the European Community and the Republic of
Iceland, the Kingdom of Norway, the Swiss Confederation and the
Principality of Liechtenstein on supplementary rules in relation to the
External Borders Fund for the period 2007 to 2013 *** (Rule 138) (vote)

Recommendation on the draft Council decision on the conclusion, on behalf
of the European Union, of an Agreement between the European Community and
the Republic of Iceland, the Kingdom of Norway, the Swiss Confederation and
the Principality of Liechtenstein on supplementary rules in relation to the
External Borders Fund for the period 2007 to 2013 [07853/2010 - C7-
0101/2010- 2009/0148(NLE)] - Committee on Civil Liberties, Justice and Home
Affairs. Rapporteur: Wim van de Camp (A7-0007/2011)

(Simple majority)
(Voting record: 'Results of votes', Item 4)

DRAFT LEGISLATIVE RESOLUTION

Adopted by single vote (P7_TA(2011)0046)

Parliament consented to the conclusion of the agreement.


5 9.5. Accession of Liechtenstein to the Agreement between the EU, the EC
and Switzerland on Switzerland's association with the implementation,
application and development of the Schengen acquis *** (Rule 138) (vote)

Recommendation on the draft Council decision on the conclusion on behalf of
the European Union of the Protocol between the European Union, the European
Community, the Swiss Confederation and the Principality of Liechtenstein on
the accession of the Principality of Liechtenstein to the Agreement between
the European Union, the European Community and the Swiss Confederation on
the Swiss Confederation's association with the implementation, application
and development of the Schengen acquis [06077/2010 - C7-0141/2010-
2006/0251(NLE)] - Committee on Civil Liberties, Justice and Home Affairs.
Rapporteur: Carlos Coelho (A7-0008/2011)

(Simple majority)
(Voting record: 'Results of votes', Item 5)

DRAFT LEGISLATIVE RESOLUTION

Adopted by single vote (P7_TA(2011)0047)

Parliament consented to the conclusion of the protocol.


6 9.6. Accession of Liechtenstein to the Agreement between the EC and
Switzerland concerning the establishment of the State responsible for
examining a request for asylum lodged in a Member State or in Switzerland
*** (Rule 138) (vote)

Recommendation on the draft Council decision on the conclusion of a
Protocol between the European Union, the Swiss Confederation and the
Principality of Liechtenstein on the accession of the Principality of
Liechtenstein to the Agreement between the European Community and the Swiss
Confederation concerning the criteria and mechanisms for establishing the
State responsible for examining a request for asylum lodged in a Member
State or in Switzerland [06242/2010 - C7-0140/2010- 2006/0252(NLE)] -
Committee on Civil Liberties, Justice and Home Affairs. Rapporteur: Monika
Hohlmeier (A7-0013/2011)

(Simple majority)
(Voting record: 'Results of votes', Item 6)

DRAFT LEGISLATIVE RESOLUTION

Adopted by single vote (P7_TA(2011)0048)

Parliament consented to the conclusion of the protocol.


7 9.7. Agreement between the EU and Brazil on short-stay visa waiver for
holders of ordinary passports *** (Rule 138) (vote)

Recommendation on the draft Council decision on the conclusion of the
Agreement between the European Union and the Federative Republic of Brazil
on short-stay visa waiver for holders of ordinary passports [16364/2010 -
C7-0400/2010- 2010/0228(NLE)] - Committee on Civil Liberties, Justice and
Home Affairs. Rapporteur: Monica Luisa Macovei (A7-0011/2011)

(Simple majority)
(Voting record: 'Results of votes', Item 7)

DRAFT LEGISLATIVE RESOLUTION

Adopted by single vote (P7_TA(2011)0049)

Parliament consented to the conclusion of the agreement.


8 9.8. Agreement between the EU and Brazil on short-stay visa waiver for
holders of diplomatic, service or official passports *** (Rule 138) (vote)

Recommendation on the draft Council decision on the conclusion of the
Agreement between the European Union and the Federative Republic of Brazil
on short-stay visa waiver for holders of diplomatic, service or official
passports [16362/2010 - C7-0399/2010- 2010/0222(NLE)] - Committee on Civil
Liberties, Justice and Home Affairs. Rapporteur: Ioan Enciu (A7-0010/2011)

(Simple majority)
(Voting record: 'Results of votes', Item 8)

DRAFT LEGISLATIVE RESOLUTION

Adopted by single vote (P7_TA(2011)0050)

Parliament consented to the conclusion of the agreement.


9 9.9. Implementation of the Services Directive (Rule 138) (vote)

Report on implementation of the Services Directive 2006/123/EC
[2010/2053(INI)] - Committee on the Internal Market and Consumer
Protection. Rapporteur: Evelyne Gebhardt (A7-0012/2011)

(Simple majority)
(Voting record: 'Results of votes', Item 9)

MOTION FOR A RESOLUTION

Adopted by single vote (P7_TA(2011)0050)


10 9.10. Rights of passengers in bus and coach transport ***III (vote)

Report on the joint text approved by the Conciliation Committee for a
regulation of the European Parliament and of the Council concerning the
rights of passengers in bus and coach transport and amending Regulation
(EC) No 2006/2004 [PE-CONS 00063/2010 - C7-0015/2011- 2008/0237(COD)] -
Parliament's delegation to the Conciliation Committee - Rapporteur: Antonio
Cancian (A7-0020/2011)

(Simple majority for approval)
(Voting record: 'Results of votes', Item 10)

DRAFT LEGISLATIVE RESOLUTION

Adopted (P7_TA(2011)0051)


11 9.11. Emission performance standards for new light commercial vehicles
***I (vote)

Report on the proposal for a regulation of the European Parliament and of
the Council setting emission performance standards for new light commercial
vehicles as part of the Community's integrated approach to reduce CO2
emissions from light-duty vehicles [2009/0173(COD)] - Committee on the
Environment, Public Health and Food Safety. Rapporteur: Martin Callanan (A7-
0287/2010)

(Simple majority)
(Voting record: 'Results of votes', Item 11)

COMMISSION PROPOSAL

Approved as amended (P7_TA(2011)0052)

DRAFT LEGISLATIVE RESOLUTION

Adopted (P7_TA(2011)0052)


12 9.12. Enhanced cooperation in the area of the creation of unitary patent
protection *** (vote)

Recommendation on the proposal for a Council decision authorising enhanced
cooperation in the area of the creation of unitary patent protection
[05538/2011 - C7-0044/2011- 2010/0384(NLE)] - Committee on Legal Affairs.
Rapporteur: Klaus-Heiner Lehne (A7-0021/2011)

(Simple majority)
(Voting record: 'Results of votes', Item 12)

DRAFT LEGISLATIVE RESOLUTION

Adopted (P7_TA(2011)0053)

The following spoke during the vote:

Juan Fernando Lpez Aguilar, on the conduct of the vote and to request that
the vote be postponed pending the Court of Justice's opinion.


13 9.13. Radioactive contamination of foodstuffs * (vote)

Report on the proposal for a Council regulation (Euratom) laying down
maximum permitted levels of radioactive contamination of foodstuffs and of
feedingstuffs following a nuclear accident or any other case of
radiological emergency [COM(2010)0184 - C7-0137/2010- 2010/0098(CNS)] -
Committee on Industry, Research and Energy. Rapporteur: Ivo Belet (A7-
0001/2011)

(Simple majority)
(Voting record: 'Results of votes', Item 13)

COMMISSION PROPOSAL

Approved as amended (P7_TA(2011)0054)

DRAFT LEGISLATIVE RESOLUTION

Adopted (P7_TA(2011)0054)

The following spoke during the vote:

Ivo Belet (rapporteur), who moved an oral amendment to amendment 33, which
was accepted.


