16. Equal treatment between men and women engaged in a self-employed
capacity ***I - Pregnant workers ***I (debate)

Report on the proposal for a directive of the European Parliament and of
the Council on the application of the principle of equal treatment between
men and women engaged in an activity in a self-employed capacity and
repealing Directive 86/613/EEC [COM(2008)0636 - C6-0341/2008 -
2008/0192(COD)] - Committee on Women's Rights and Gender Equality.
Rapporteur: Astrid Lulling (A6-0258/2009)

Report on the proposal for a directive of the European Parliament and of
the Council amending Council Directive 92/85/EEC on the introduction of
measures to encourage improvements in the safety and health at work of
pregnant workers and workers who have recently given birth or are
breastfeeding [COM(2008)0637 - C6-0340/2008 - 2008/0193(COD)] - Committee
on Women's Rights and Gender Equality. Rapporteur: Edite Estrela (A6-
0267/2009)

Astrid Lulling and Edite Estrela introduced the reports.

The following spoke: Vladimr ?pidla (Member of the Commission).

The following spoke: Joel Hasse Ferreira (deputising for the rapporteur for
the opinion of the EMPL Committee), Luigi Cocilovo (rapporteur for the
opinion of the EMPL Committee), Lidia Joanna Geringer de Oedenberg
(rapporteur for the opinion of the JURI Committee), Maria Petre, on behalf
of the PPE-DE Group, Lissy Grner, on behalf of the PSE Group, Claire
Gibault, on behalf of the ALDE Group, Ewa Tomaszewska, on behalf of the UEN
Group, Ral Romeva i Rueda, on behalf of the Verts/ALE Group, V?ra
Flasarov, on behalf of the GUE/NGL Group, Irena Belohorsk, Non-attached
Member, Edit Bauer, Anne Van Lancker, Siiri Oviir, Marie Panayotopoulos-
Cassiotou, Gabriela Cre?u, Ria Oomen-Ruijten and Marusya Ivanova Lyubcheva.

The following spoke under the 'catch-the-eye' procedure: Christa Kla,
Ljudmila Novak, Ilda Figueiredo, Zita Ple?tinsk and Siiri Oviir.

The following spoke: Vladimr ?pidla.

                   IN THE CHAIR: Rodi KRATSA-TSAGAROPOULOU
                               Vice-President

The following spoke: Astrid Lulling and Edite Estrela.

The debate closed.

Vote: minutes of 6.5.2009, item 6.5 and minutes of 6.5.2009, item 6.6.

