14. Order of business

The next item was the order of business.
The final draft agenda for the September II and October I sittings (PE
395.008/PDOJ) had been distributed and a number of changes had been
proposed (Rule 132):

Sittings of 24.09.2007 to 27.09.2007

Monday

- no changes

Tuesday
- request by the PSE Group to hold over until Wednesday evening, after the
report by Marie-Hlne Descamps (A6-0296/2007) (item 50 on the final draft
agenda), the debate on the report by Tom? Zatloukal (A6-0326/2007) on
efficiency and equity in European education and training systems (item 18
on the final draft agenda).

The following spoke: Hannes Swoboda, on behalf of the PSE Group, who moved
the request.

Parliament agreed to the request.

Wednesday

- request by the Verts/ALE, GUE/NGL and ALDE Groups to insert into the
agenda the statements by the Council and the Commission on the situation in
Burma, which would be followed by the tabling of motions for resolutions.

The following spoke: Monica Frassoni, on behalf of the Verts/ALE Group, who
moved the request, Annemie Neyts-Uyttebroeck, on behalf of the ALDE Group,
and Hannes Swoboda, on behalf of the PSE Group, who requested that the
debate should not be followed by a vote during the current part-session.

Parliament approved the request to include these statements on the agenda,
this item being inserted after the statements on Chad (item 82 on the final
draft agenda).

The President informed the House that the ALDE Group had requested that the
vote on motions for resolutions be held during the next part-session in
Brussels.

The following spoke on  the appropriateness of a vote: Martin Schulz, on
behalf of the PSE Group, Daniel Cohn-Bendit, on behalf of the Verts/ALE
Group, and Hartmut Nassauer, on behalf of the PPE-DE Group.

Parliament approved the request to wind up the debate with the tabling of
motions for resolutions.

The following spoke: Daniel Cohn-Bendit, on when the vote would be taken.

Parliament decided to hold the vote during the current part-session.

The President announced that, following this change, Council Question Time
would take place from 18.00 to 19.30.

Thursday

- no changes

Sittings of 10.10.2007 and 11.10.2007

Wednesday

- request by the PSE Group to hold over until the October II part-session
in Strasbourg the joint debate on the report by Sharon Bowles (A6-
0327/2007) on the European Statistical Governance Advisory Board (item 64
on the final draft agenda) and on the report by Ieke van den Burg (A6-
0328/2007) on the European Advisory Committee on Community Statistical
Information Policy (item 65 on the final draft agenda).

The following spoke: Hannes Swoboda, on behalf of the PSE Group, who moved
the request.

Parliament agreed to the request.

Thursday

- no changes

Council request for the application of urgent procedure (Rule 134) for:

- Proposal for a Council regulation derogating from Regulation (EC) No
1782/2003 establishing common rules for direct support schemes under the
common agricultural policy and establishing certain support schemes for
farmers, as regards set aside for year 2008 [COM(2007)0523 - C6-0302/2007 -
2007/0194(CNS)] Rapporteur: Neil Parish

Reason for request:
The agricultural use of set aside land would allow European farmers to
produce extra crops that would contribute to reducing market tensions.
The Commission proposal to reduce the set-aside rate for 2008 to 0% should
be adopted as soon as possible to allow European farmers to take this into
account for their sowings of autumn 2007.

Parliament would take a decision on the request for urgent procedure at the
beginning of the following day's sitting.
                                      
                                      

The order of business was thus established.


