18. AIDS/HIV in view of the XVIII International AIDS Conference (debate)

Statement by the Vice-President of the Commission and High Representative
of the Union for Foreign Affairs and Security Policy: AIDS/HIV in view of
the XVIII International AIDS Conference (Vienna, 18-23 July 2010)

Catherine Ashton (Vice-President of the Commission and High Representative
of the Union for Foreign Affairs and Security Policy) made the statement.

The following spoke: Lena Kolarska-Bobi?ska, on behalf of the PPE Group,
Michael Cashman, on behalf of the S&D Group, Sophia in 't Veld, on behalf
of the ALDE Group, Heidi Hautala, on behalf of the Verts/ALE Group, Marisa
Matias, on behalf of the GUE/NGL Group, Sen Kelly, Ulrike Lunacek and
Miroslav Mikol?ik.

                        IN THE CHAIR: Isabelle DURANT
                               Vice-President

The following spoke under the 'catch-the-eye' procedure: Salvatore
Iacolino, Angelika Werthmann and Georgios Papanikolaou.

The following spoke: Catherine Ashton.

Motions for resolutions to wind up the debate tabled under Rule 110(2):
- Vronique De Keyser, Michael Cashman, Thijs Berman and Linda McAvan, on
behalf of the S&D Group, on a rights-based approach to the EU's response to
HIV/AIDS (B7-0412/2010)

- Sophia in 't Veld, Charles Goerens, Ramon Tremosa i Balcells and Leonidas
Donskis, on behalf of the ALDE Group, on a human rights approach to
AIDS/HIV (B7-0421/2010)

- Charles Tannock, on behalf of the ECR Group, on a rights-based approach
to the EU's response to HIV/AIDS (B7-0425/2010)

- Ulrike Lunacek, Heidi Hautala, Barbara Lochbihler and Judith Sargentini,
on behalf of the Verts/ALE Group, on a rights-based approach to the EU's
response to HIV/AIDS (B7-0426/2010)

- Gay Mitchell, Filip Kaczmarek and Lena Kolarska-Bobi?ska, on behalf of
the PPE Group, on AIDS/HIV in view of the XVIII International AIDS
Conference (Vienna, July 18-23, 2010) (B7-0427/2010)

- Gabriele Zimmer, Bairbre de Brn and Marisa Matias, on behalf of the
GUE/NGL Group, on a rights-based approach to the EU's response to HIV/AIDS
(B7-0428/2010).

The debate closed.

Vote: minutes of 8.7.2010, item 6.6.

